This film isn’t a glorification of mental illness or violence.
1989 Joker  : “Let’s throw him in chemical mix poison pool”
Major difference between Heath Ledger and Joaquin Phoenix’s Joker:
Marvel: “decent movie, but our Endgame made over $2 billion”
“I almost forgot to punch out” - Joker 2019
I think Joaquin Phoenix said it best himself : "I don't think it's the responsibility of a filmmaker to teach the audience morality"
Moral of the story: Be Kind to Others
This movie is an A+.
WHY IS EVERYBODY SO RUDE, WHY IS EVERYONE SO MEAN TO EACH OTHER?
You know that Joker won’t get his Oscar, cause it had some “controversy”.
"When you hand me my Oscar, can you introduce me as JOKER ?"
this movie proves that all this time dc trying to be like marvel that all it takes just dc need to be themselves
“Are you having any bruh moments?”
I don’t understand complaints about “violence” when we have Kill Bill, John Wick, Hostal.......are people serious? At least with Joker we can tell where is all this violence coming from.
I see alot of Joker costumes this Halloween.
Joker : i got a joke for you!
Honestly this is one the best movies DC created.. how this movie end was straight masterpiece.. so real  how Joker was born and Batman origin picks up.. How Bruce wayne  actually got killed.. the set up.. the riot at the end.. man i can watch this movie 2- 3 times straight.. Joker is my favorite villian of any comic book.. Batman is best ..
People complaining that this movie makes them "empathise with this bad guy". There's two sides to every story, it's just opening your eyes to it.
He made this review just so he could do a Heath Ledger impression.
“the worst part about having a mental illness is that people expect you to behave as if you don’t”
Why is Chris talking like he hasn't slept in 3 days? He's usually more energetic
Venom: Booing 👎🏻
Joaquin Phoenix’s performance: A
Anybody else noticed the nod to the dark nights joker, when this Joker is leaning his head against the windscreen in the cop car?
Rotten tomatoes ratings-
Joker - "If you're happy and you know it" drop your gun.
Who else wants a scarecrow movie, like a joker 2019 esc. character study of Jonathan crane would be so disturbing. Starting out with the trauma of his grand mother putting crow attractor on him and locking him in an abandoned church as the crows pecked. But when he was a teen standing up for himself, by rubbing on a bully's eyes making the crows blind him (this all happened) and terrifying his grandmother and finally getting an apartment of his own. Becoming fascinating by fear, starving himself, going into psychology saying secret things to patients to trigger there deep down fears. You could have him try frequencies to give fear. Eventually becoming a professor, and during the job he develops the fear toxin, and the fear injector needle glove thing, and injecting himself making him immune to fear itself. Eventually something happens that makes him inject someone with it, regretting it at first, but realizing after how good it felt, to make an impact like that to someone else, to be someone. To turn his torment on them. He gets fired as a professor for firing a gun in glass as a demonstration on what makes fear. Than gets framed for bad stuff the rest of the staff did (he never got framed for the staff in comics, I just think it might work), and before almost being taken to black gate for the false accusations. He snaps, he finishes the injector, makes the suit. And when police bust down his door he appears from the corner behind it, and injects them, and goes on a rampage releasing true terror on the few unlucky streets, turning into the scarecrow.
I was so uncomfortable the whole time seeing Arthur laugh or live his life, he was only a shell and living life like we all do, in a repeating circle of nothingness.  But when he turned into the Joker I felt relieved, not because I sympathize with him or understand his motives( which I can to be honest) but because he truly does what he wants, he feels confident and for the first time in his life he feels happy. It was a truly beautiful thing to see. However, that does not mean that what the Joker did is an option we should consider. We can sympathize with his struggles, because everyone had hard times in their lifes, of course we understand, but when he kills his mother, it's not solely because he feels angry or betrayed, it's because he sees no use for her. That's not something anyone could easily understand. And you are right, the Joker is a violent person. He himself cares about nothing, he just wants to wreak havoc. He feels comfortable, seen, understood in chaos. I was truly uncomfortable and scared of him, he was like a rapid dog, ready to strike at any moment. Even if we sympathize, it's hard not to be scared.
Heroes:-we save the soceity
"Also I feel like like people who are concerned about the violence in this movie haven't watched movies". Spot on, exactly how I felt.
"Tickle people to death"
Joker said once:" All it takes is one bad day to reduce the sanest man alive to lunacy"
The scene where he was taking the girl on dates and it turned out to be a fantasy after he went to her apartment was mind blowing
"This city deserves a better class of criminal, and I'm gonna give it to them"
Never seen a movie that took such a deep dive inside mental illness—you’re completely in the character’s mind. Stunning performance by Joaquin Phoenix
I just watched the movie today, and Jesus Christ. Best movie I’ve seen in a long ass time, one of the best movies I’ve seen in my life. Great movie 
I totally got the “Taxi Driver” vibe throughout the film.
Chris, when you say "I love this film" it feels like sarcasm.
Dude every scene of Joaquin is a masterclass in acting
“I used to think that my life was a cringe compilation, but now I realize it’s a try not to laugh challenge”
Glorify violence, yet they give John Wick all the praise.
This movie give meaning to the death of Batman's parents
The Joker made me hate Tomas Wayne.
I think this movie definitely deserves an oscar, if oscars are legit anymore though.
In my opinion, Joker was an accurate depiction of how mental illness and abuse, when left unchecked by society, can lead an individual towards committing violent and self-destructive acts.
Heath Ledger’s Joker: He Ravels in the Chaos 
When watching the movie you really forget that it's a Joker movie. They did this absolutely incredibly, this movie seems alot more like a person damaged by society, and then this person realises that he gets all the attention by hurting and killing others, thinking violence is the only way to stop his pain. I think this Joker is a better fit for the sad back story, however I couldn't see him fighting batman. All the other Jokers were also great, don't get me wrong, they're great for being an actual Villian like in a Batman movie, but this Joker is a representation of what it looks like to feel worthless and lonely, always taken the piss out of, but then turns the table.
I love the riot scene where "Arthur" got into a car accident and was being pulled out the police car and at the same time, Bruce's parents were being stalked by a masked killer. When Thomas Wayne and his wife got shot and killed in front of Bruce, "Arthur" woke up spitting out blood, symbolizing a reason for him to live and meet his match in the future.
IT'S SAYING CAREFUL BECAUSE THIS COULD BE HOW IT ENDS .
Everyone: Joker will get an A+
The bathroom scene where he had his awaking was freaking epic!!!
An overrated movie. There are better movies to watch than "Joker".
"That's how it starts. The fever, the rage, the feeling of powerlessness... that turns good men... cruel."
This film no more glorified violence than Breaking Bad glorified drug use.
“What were you expecting, for him to tickle people to death?” Ok, to be fair, that sounds exactly like something the joker would do, not to mention a super disturbing way to die.
For me this film is more like a dramatised biography or documentary, so realistic and people who don't like this movie should just look out of their window because this shit happens
One of the best movies I have ever seen. I haven't seen a movie this good in like 6 or 7 years, totally recommend.
CHRIS WHERE DID YOU GET THAT SHIRT
To those who disliked this movie, you wouldn't get it anyways (insert arthur's laughter)
"Sex is like parking a car"
Everyone is a product of their environment. Therefore each of us bears some responsibility when someone goes off the rails.
This movie is S+ to me (even if I haven't seen it)
Most likely the people who have concerns about this movie being violent are also the people who have concerns about vaccines causing autism. 🙄
I'd say that a lot of the criticisms directed towards this film stem from political correctness and over-censorship. I wouldn't take them seriously. Other than that, the film was brilliant.
Right before Joaquin truly becomes Joker in the movie he says “I just had a bad day” and from Jokers monologue in ‘The Killing Joke’ he tells Batman “All it takes is one bad day”. This movie was an absolute masterpiece.
They should introduce Pheonix as the joker when they give him an oscar
Who cares what you think. ? You just wanna spoil movies.
Joaquin Phoenix next Feb: "when you hand me my Oscar, can you introduce me as Joker?"
"
the scene where the girl saw him in her apartment had me like "aw shiet"
This movie feels like it was made like a drama movie with a psycho character. And the writer felt like why don't we get Waynes and turn this into a joker movie
I just can't get over Johnny Cash playing the Joker lol
Review Martyrs. The most disturbing movie ever!
You can just feel the pain in Chris's face when he's discussing all the criticism of the movie before it came out
Joker portrays “graphically” what a lot of people, it not most, want to pretend they don’t see in today’s society.
This Joker is on par with Heath Ledger's Joker. They did a great job with this film.
When you give me the Oscar, would you introduce me as Joker?
"I haven't watched the movie yet so idk what to put here" - Joker
"What's so funny?"
My only problem with this film are a few parts of the plot and the presence of the wayne family.
So surprising i actually liked a DC movie more than MARVELS finale
Absolutely brilliant film. Bold and daring. One of the best comic book films I've seen in years!
This movie was awesome. Joaquin Phoenix destroyed this role.
“The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose.” 
Joker tried to smile through the pain, but the pain made him smile. The best depiction of the society.
"There are two ways to look at things; The first and the second" Joker 2019
Wow this is such a thoughtful description of it and appreciate you being methodical about it instead of people who just react and judge.
"Random quote from Joker to score virtual likes to fill my empty life"
This movie is hyping me up like never before
I love when people actually say how these Hollywood movies are so controversial while I’m laughing in my head thinking about Lars Von Trier movies.
Yes, you conveyed my opinions exactly
7:00 Love that impression lmao
I was watching this movie just a few hours ago and when i got home, i was fanilly able to watch "brawl in cell block 99" and i gotta say... after this i think that joker is ... fine i guess, but Brawl was a really really GOOD movie with character and shit.
The media are going after this movie so hard. Because they are frightened of what it represents. The people united against a corrupt establishment.
"Welcome to my review of the latest controversial comic book movie ( endless awkward silence ) Joker"
It’s incredible, I haven’t been invested in a character in years.
I'll bet that the joker killed his imaginary girlfriend and her daughter will turn out to be Selina Kyle
I absolutely loved it. It was everything I wanted.
"hey this is wrong, your gonna be in a padded cell forever" made my day lmfao
For some reason I prefer Joaquin’s Joker over Heath’s.
you know we are living in a society, we are supposed to act in a civilized way.
I just rewatched taxi driver and watched king of comedy....joker is just a copy of those...wtf :/
We need a joker like character study film on Trevor Phillips from gta 5
i litteraly cried when he wrote about the issue of having a mental illness on his diary when he writes like you don't with a happy face, i cried totally
There's more violence in an episode of NCIS.
When the movie finished I immediately wanted to see it again.
Joaquin-brilliant in this role.truly believe God or a higher power is the COSMIC JOKER..CJ!!+ crazy, inexplicable things happen-aka Heath Ledger's death..,Always de CJ like Joaquin's joker has de last laugh!
7:10 I Laughed out loud XD
I love this movie.  It's easily one of my favorite comic book movies. I love how they made Gotham a broken city and the story tell about what happens when you take a broken man put him in a broken city where he has every thing good in his life taken away. Joaquin Phoenix gives a master class performance
Arthur could just as well be a random person and the actual "Joker" who goes against Batman is another person.
"What did people expect? Him to tickle people to death???"
Just watched the movie it was really good! But it just made me feel a little down I think a teen could watch this movie
5:23 pretty good batman, man.
“I will not compare, but lets just say, that the other one can not be topped.”
This movie has got to be the best new movie I've seen in years! I think there was a nod to Heath Ledger in the movie. When Joker was on the TV show he looks at de Niro and licks his lips like Ledger did. To me, it said that Joaquin was showing that the Joker transformation was coming to the fore and he was now becoming the Joker we know from Ledger.
The scene on the train where he is laughing uncontrollably but you still see him terrified had me torn up. Incredible performance.
I wasn't prepared for your great impressions of Batman and Heath's Joker.
I love this review, it's true that we need to ask these hard questions about how we're treating our those who are mentally ill.
7:02 spot-on impression
I shat Yellowstone on Taxidriver while watching this masterpiece.
Fans: Chris, will you ever give an A+ to a 2019 movie yet?
I need to understand something the last scene is he imagine everything !! Or he killed the doctor
Damn man, nice acting skills, awesome Joker impression XD 👌🏻
Wow Chris your impersonation of Heath was like awesome hahahaha
Chris, you should review Falling Down, a similar movie. I’d love to hear your take on it.
Wow, I was kind of expecting an A+ after all that praise.
I always thought the Hong Kong protests were a tragedy but now I realize it's a Chinese comedy.
I BET YOU WAS WAITING TO DO THOSE IMPRESSIONS,HUH😂
I personally felt sadness and empathy for the Joker all the way through the movie , not once  did I think he was a bad guy. Misunderstood but not bad.  The guy he stabbed was over I he top  but the guys he shot on the subway were awful people. Lol.
IT WAS SOOOOOO GOOD! Finally an excellent movie about someone becoming a villain.
Haven’t seen the movie yet but Chris’ impressions were awesome 👏
I cannot believe you did not get the Joker in “A” plus
You know you were in for a ride when it started with the classic scary red Warner bros logo
I saw the movie yesterday. I’ve never seen anything like it. The last 20 minutes... oh gosh... Joaquin is from another universe. You are being shocked every 5 minutes during 2 hours.
I loved the movie so much, great performance by Joaquin 👏
Most movie critics: beautiful movie Joaquin Phoenix did great 
Best review! I've had the exact same thoughts. And I couldn't understand why people are overreacting like "it's too dark" or "there's too much violence". It's the JOKER for god's sake, it has to be dark. Honestly, there was way less violence in the movie than I expected. Loved the review, loved the movie!
Wow, chris that was an amazing Heath ledger impression man
Im SO relieved the girlfriend was imagined. SO MUCH fury when this movie gave me standard Hollywood submissive loving female bullshit:
Go and see “monos”!
Good lord, this movie keeps growing on me. I can't decide if my favorite of the year is this movie or The Art of Self-Defense. Both were amazing.
Literally everything you pointed out is what I said after I watched the movie!! I was so stunned in so many ways. So beautifully filmed. I had chills.
Every villain is a hero in his own mind
Critics  give captain marvel, a disposablel movie a 10/10.
"Guys, I grew up w/ the Joker"....
Just seen it and I can say everything was perfect.
well, let me tell you what i really liked - besides the great acting, cinematography and music.
“Having a million dollars is like having one dollar a million times”
I've just watched Joker today. I thought it was excellent. Joaquin's performance is on the same pedestal as Ledger's but of a different hue, both are brilliant takes on the Joker character and of equal merit.
Watch people with actual laughing disorders and it shows how amazing of an actor Phoenix is.
They seriously need to make a movie about Twoface now, right after the Joker he is Batman's best villain and the most interesting of all
As with Joaquin Phoenix, I had been crazy, watching movie. However, It is my favorite movie this year, though I shocked. I could get so many information I've not already knew from this video
A good movie let's you enjoy it and forget it after few weeks
Heath did in his way. made 100% justice to the given character. Walking did in his way. made 100%....
I love the thing he impersonates joker and batman lol
A little more Joker Takeover and it would’ve been a masterpiece. A virtuoso performance tho
Chris: Joker is my favorite ...
Best movie 2019
"are you thinking about it afterwards?" the better question should be, is it a problem if you dont? sometimes all you want, hell, all you need, is 2 hours to lose yourself in some dumb fun, be it a movie or a game of risk, not everything needs to leave a deep impact. 
The joker definitely had a mental illness or two, but did it every occur to y'all that some of the  ppl that are evil yet labled as "ill" are completely sane & "choose" to be evil and do wicked things. 
I loved this movie Joaquin brought it home for me. I loved him in it! Love your reviews!!
I love how a movie like Joker will have a “bad impact on society”. The purge is ok though?
I loved it. Had some drunk idiot sitting behind me the whole film and as soon as it ended had to start shouting 'that was pure shit' 
Absolutely perfect.  Modern day masterpiece of s film
personaly I think that the similarities to Taxi Driver (a movie that I consider to be one of my favourites) are somewhat justified, I mean Martin Scorsese was even considered to be a producer to the movie (acording to Philips and Scott Silver he also read the script and liked it)
I watched it a couple days ago and me and my bf also talked about it for a while after watching it. The Joker is also my favourite comic book villain and I think Joaquin Phoenix did an excellent job in this role. I knew he was a good actor before but I think this role completely sold me on that in regards to him. I also completely agree about the cinematography, it was literally the first thing I said leaving the theatre. My only real worry at the end of this film is the possibility that people will be quick to blame mental illness more now if a mass murder occurs. And while there are some instances where it is a result of mental illness, there are a lot of sane people who choose to take that route in life as well. Sorry this was so long, but this film really impacted me. (Also I haven't seen Taxi Driver yet but it is definitely on my must watch list)
Joker's laugh was heartbreaking each time...
I think this was a chilling look inside the mind of a criminally insane clown
7:02 damn Chris!
I bought a poster from Amazon to always remember this gem.
Glad I was nice to that kid who brought a pointed tip pipe to school
To me it's 4 days after watching the movie and my wife and I are still talking about it.  Theorizing and lamenting the state of our society.
7:15 - good imitation
This movie is a great movie
4:45 so if you haven't seen Taxi Driver or King of Comedy you'll miss the references then.
I saw it, certainly didn't let me down. I thought Heath Ledger couldn't be matched but I was wrong. Solid flim!
You do an amazing imitation of Ledger's Jokers and Bale's Batman voices omg
This guy ✖️
What isn’t ‘controversial’ these days? 
Joker: "Why should I apologize for the monster I've become? No one ever apologized for making me this way"
I thought it was inspired by many films, The Dark Knight, The V for Vendetta, The Machinist, The Fight Club, The Master.
My answer to the wave of criticism, to the joker movie by the pseudo liberal and pseudo socially concerned media outlets, the likes of the guardian  is this: begins with a Mao quote:
It feels like a copy of "God Bless America"
Joaquin Phoenix is a brilliant actor. Just freaking amazing. He and his late brother consistently chose some of the most interesting, multi-faceted roles.
God Chris would be the most annoying teacher....
When a movie makes you feel emotions and think about deeper stuff and then creates fruitful conversation about society and life in general with other people, then it's a good movie. This movie is a masterpiece
I’ve been watching you for years! Love your reviews!!!! You really break down how I’m feeling in a logical way.
We should learn to treat people better because of this.
I gotta disagree, Joker IS flawless
Its like when laughter hurt him, he was holding himself back. Then when he lets go the laughter takes over.
I think I had great expectations. The movie was good and I love the music, but I don’t understand what was all the fuss about, it’s really not life changing. For me there quite better movies.
Remember when he went inside the fridge hahahah
Just saw it. Amazing . That’s all I can say
I liked this movie and the backstory.
Joaquin Phoenix 
I've been depressed for a long time and Juaquin's performance really hit me hard because i really recognize the feeling of isolation and loneliness and feeling like you don't belong - even though this character of course is an extreme case in regards of mental illness, i can still see myself in him, in some ways.
WHY ARE LAUGHING ?
I loved how this movie put us in the shoes of the mental person. The struggles that they have to go through, to be "normal."
I thought my life was a tradigy but it's a comedy! Lol😂😂😂
“ When You Hand Me My Oscar, Can You Introduce me as Joker? “
This is now my favourite movie !!!!
That taxi driver dvd in the background. Perfect😆
I was looking forward to seeing this film, but I don’t want to support a paedophile in any shape or form 🤯
Never suprised if this movie got some "controversies". Remember you are in 2019. People are getting stupid and easily offended. Every opinion can be validated with technological reacts and shares.
Chris is that one college professor who won’t round up ur 98 to a 100
This is the first video of yours that I've watched, and I was surprised of your Batman voice. That was pretty cool!
Someone else said this was more like The King of Comedy
Ok you are my favorite reviewer for new films I'm not certain about and this one was one cause I love Heath as the Joker but since you and me are similar in taste I'm going to give Joaquin a try he looks like he is doing a great job plus they say it dives more into about what mental illness is really about cause alot of regular people don't know what and how mental illness truly effects people and it's nothing to take lightly about great review
best movie i ve seen in the past 10 years. I ve also seen martyrs xD now that was brutal, 'specially the end. Good choice there with the comparison
A-?
Wow... Those logic pro loops at the beginning and end though lol xD
will be seeing this tomorrow, I can't wait!
"You get what you deserve"
Interesting Robert Deniro was in this when this reminds me of a new age taxi driver. I think some scenes are a tribute to taxi driver like pointing his finger to his head and acting like he's pulling the trigger. For the younger generations who haven't seen taxi driver I suggest watching it
If “Joker” is responsible for violence or mass shootings, then so is every other movie with any form of violence ever.
When something bad happens we're always looking for someone to blame besides ourselves but the truth is we create our own monsters. People are put into situations everyday where society fails them at virtually every level. The way we treat each other at times is horrendous. The governments that rule over us are corrupt and cruel, and more and more it seems like if you try to fight back you get punished for it. Take the kid at school that tries to fight off a bully, he gets suspended too even though he never started it. You get kicked out for just being "involved." We live in a world that wants everyone to be a victim, and if you try to fight back you get punished. In a society this broken I think it's more then reasonable to encounter your share of broken individuals that express their pain through violence.
I have NEVER saw a movie (in the theater) more than once, I saw this movie for the Fourth time today. Nothing less than brilliant!  Heath Ledgers portrayal of the “Joker” was amazing....Phoenix’s is a whole other level.💫
Currently on to the "next" thing.
I can escape the fact that it has references to other movies and inspiration, because I haven’t watched the ones you’re talking about lol
Can we ask the Oscars to do one small thing?
MOST UNDERRATED PART OF JOKER?? HIM DOING A VICTORY DANCE DOWN THE STAIRS TO ROCK AND ROLL PT2 LOL!!!
I was expecting more violence too, these pacifists are the real jokers
Watching clips of the film again on YouTube after seeing it I can definitely see why people find the script weak, but you can’t ignore Joaquin’s performance. That’s what made this movie one of my favorites.
It was really great. Made me laugh a lot.
i was always interested what u were thining about martyrs :D and and u mentioned it <3 ill be glad if u do rewiev <3
i bet all the viewers were glued to their chairs, for sure when watching at theaters.
I love that this movie touches the insight of mental illness. It makes me think twice about the struggle of people who cant afford the medication to make them function in society.
Finally a beautiful movie villain I fully connect with
I thought the comment he wrote in his journal "the worst thing about having a mental illness is that everyone expects you to act like you don't" was a very eye opening statement.
I just watched it and I must say it's great to see a movie like this in the current "clown" world. Where we see crappy Hollywood remakes being churned out at a rapid rate, we have ourselves a masterpiece with a murderous, violent and dis-associative plot mixed with sadness, despair and negligence. The music really fit well with the movie although it took a few moments to get used to, very powerful movie which people can genuinely learn from.
This is the best review I've seen yet. Thank you for putting everything into perspective so clearly. I felt so good about this film and you help me put into words why.
Woooo Congratulations on being on the trending page in Australia!
Great Review! I just started reviewing movies myself. Thanks for paving the way bro!
Chris: this movie is an A+
If u give this movie anything less than A+ u didn’t get it
There is a difference between absurd violence for the spectacle of it, and a realistic portrayal of a character who does evil and is written to be sympathised with. Maggie Mae Fish has great videos on these themes, especially her fight club review and daddies in film series.
I saw it today and all I can honestly say  it's scary how he turns from a nice guy you feel for into a monster you wouldn't want to mess with. He seems so real like the guy you see on the street that could be your worst nightmare.
great impersonnation of Heath's joker Chris!
My favorite part was when he was punching out
"You better let them go, otherwise you may create the next Mexican Joker...."
I love a good character study film. It had the feel of classic 70s films but had the themes of current events. Even if you look back at Taxi Driver, it has themes that are relevant even today.
Thank you for being level headed and reviewing the movie for what it is.
about time someone makes sense with this movie
In the comics : Joker kills .
Apparently many people watched the Joker here in Chile and decided to set the whole country on fire.
I, too, noticed a lot of Taxi Driver , I'd just seen it a few weeks ago.
After entering the fridge, I think it ’s Arthur ’s creation. I think I was arrested after entering the refrigerator.
is it just me, or is the world just getting crazier out there ;) ? I really didn't like this movie. JPs performance was great but the storyline was extremely slow.. multiple times I looked at my watch to see how much longer my suffering had to continue....
“What did you think he was gonna do? Tickle people to death?”
You could honestly be my English teacher
I feel it's a little life a requiem for a dream
this movie was amazing regardless of which films inspired it.  Plus, I never saw the other two films
heath ledgers joker is 'iconic' now?-I can't keep up with this stuff
I love when the media has to discuss media generated controversy.
I don't think there's ever a need to compare ledger's Joker with Joaquin's. Both can be considered as different timelines of the same characters. This one feels a great prequel to ledger's Joker. But well that's just my thoughts. This can be seen even as an independent film and not a prequel for a viewer who has not much idea about comic books or DCU. Simply a clown's descendant from what he had to go through.... Or should I say ascendance...?
It's funny how disconnected big critics are nowadays. Literally everyone loves the movie but these few dozen magazine critics.
Just watched it. I think your review was spot on! I loved the scores, color grading, cinematography, but mostly Phoenix’ performance. I was disturbed, but in an entertaining way. I can’t wait to see it again. 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
No one gonna talk about that amazing joker impression
Legit just got back from the film and I would HIGHLY recommend everyone go see it. It’s unsettling at times but god damn is this movie incredible. Joaquin is phenomenal
I watched it in 70 mm at an old theatre. Definitely the perfect way to watch it.
You've failed to address the very important question of whether some or even all of the "action" in the film is the fantasy of an incarcerated mental patient. It's indisputable that at least some of it is.
I know Chris does impressions frequently...but it seems he always makes it a point to do one on a video he knows will get a lot of views😀 love it.
After seeing Rambo, this was mild violence
I was on set as an extra, he smoked so much it was crazy! We all were literally in disbelief & jokingly concerned for his health, hahh, Also he was very skinny and super physical. He did a lot of running! He looked exhausted. Filming the riots scenes were pretty intense. Such a crazy experience 🤡
we always create the things we dread.
Taxi Driver is one of my all time favorite movies and I did catch the similarities but that didn’t bother me at all. I was wondering if anyone else noticed. The movie and his performance is absolutely amazing. The movie hasn’t left my thoughts since I watched it.
Phenomenal film. 👏👏 Anyone who says it’s dangerous completely misses the point.
i felt as though there were a few things Joaquin Phoenix did with the character that paid homage to Heath Ledger's Joker.
These “critics” need to realize this movie is rated R lol
I loved this movie and fell more in love with the joker 🥰💘
Chris! You’ve been featured on React channel  with this video!!!! So happy for you!!:)
Loved your Heath ledger voice impersonation....  spot on!!
THANK YOU for an honest review
"The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth"
if DC and marvel ever did a universe crossover movie id pee myself.
I fell asleep 30 seconds into this review. God your voice
I like the fact that the movie has its portagonist donning clown make-up with sharp lines, performing at a stand-up club named Pogo's and have him become a serial killer.
Absolutely LOVED it! When I first heard that it was directed by Todd Phillips starring Phoenix as Joker, I had a feeling that this could be something really special.  Everyone is gonna talk about the amazing performance by Phoenix which is IMO his greatest work to date, but Phillips deserves a ton of credit also. His style as a film maker lent itself perfectly for this movie. It’s obvious he had a clear vision for this and he made one incredible movie
Chris's impressions of making Batman and Ledger's Jokers voice is spot on
He deserves 10 oscars
I'm going against the grain, it wasn't as good as I was expecting & for the first half that laugh just got on my nerves! Bring on batman & the joker soon, let's restore my faith!
Finally, another great movie this year.  1Alita: Battle Angel,  2Joker , and 3 John Wick
I had to fast foward to see if it got an A. I needed instant gratification😎😎😎.
“Hey, this is wrong. You’re going to be in a padded cell forever” - you do the voice well.
Saw it last night. It was soooooo good. Joaquin was amazing! Me and my husband and my son talked about it for over an hour after. There was so much to discuss
dudeee your impersonation skills impress me
I had recently seen Falling Down with the impeccable Micheal Douglas before watching Joker and I really felt those same beats here. Also recommend that if you liked this one.
I bloody loved this film!
I'm still processing it. Definitely worth a second or third watch for me.
Spoiler. It was all in his head and it's a story he tells the Councillor at the end. He was never let out of arkham hospital
Chris, I love your content. But to say Joker reminds you of Taxi driver and to hold that against the film is a bad point. That's like saying that sex scenes remind you of porn. It doesn't matter if a movie reminds you of another. As long as what you're watching is good on it's own merits that shouldn't matter.
🥇For Comic books:  Two Face, Long Halloween.
Joker: Best movie for the last 12 years? Since 'No Country for Old Men' 2007 ???
That was a fantastic Heath Ledger Joker impression, Chris
Love the reviews, watch them religiously, thank you for all your hard work
What the hell is wrong with this guy? Can you get any more two-dimensional? 
I got a whole lotta requiem for a dream vibes
Movie made me feel uncomfortable
“She always tells me to smile, and put on a happy face.” 
Joker : Do you want to hear a joke?
True !!!! Love this movie cuz make it feel the human inside of the custome
Just saw the film by myself and I'm so happy I saw this because it resonates with me so deep. The taxi driver feel, the emaciated frame of Phoenix, the sad origin of joker... I can identify. Please give this man an oscar he single handedly represents all the misfit of society.
Best Film in this year!
Chris gave this movie: A- 
I love how he kills Harry
What the hell you talking about Stuckman, Jack Nicholson was the best Joker, hands down!
The search for the A+ continues my brethrens till next time.....
I always appreciate your view on movies @ChrisStuckmann I thought the motif of transformation was wonderfully weaved into the story and loved the ambiguous nature of the character building in order to tell a different narrative from the comics.
"The worst part about having a mental illness is people expect you to behave as if you don't."
People in my theatre were legit afraid to laugh at the scenes...... why so serious?
Where do you get your T-shirts from? That one is dope!
I'm looking forward to the Cannonball Pecter vehicle.
That heath ledger impersonation was on point!
I knew Joaquin Phoenix would be amazing in this, he never picks a role just because it is popular and he always does an amazing job. Truly one of the best actors of our time!
Im waiting for Tamil movie version of Joker to find out where Joker got his suit from.😏🤡🍿🐜
I've been suffering from comic book adaptation fatigue for years now and was feeling very torn about whether or not I would break my fast, so to speak, for this film. You've pushed me over the fence. Really looking forward to seeing it now. Thank you!
Joker is in my list of top 5s for sure. Probably toss up for favorite right now lol. Masterpiece, in my opinion. 
Absolutely perfect review
When you’re watching an origin movie, especially that of a villain, you have to witness their embrace of evil, even if it involves their embrace of violence. You have to witness the development of the character.
SPOILER QUESTION!!!! DON'T READ UNLESS YOU'VE WATCHED THE MOVIE.
great review man cant wait to see this film also a huge fan of taxi driver
Thumbs up, great review Chris! Love the T-Shirt where could I get one?
Too much atmosphere, too little substance and plot.
It’s honestly like people have never seen A Clockwork Orange...how sad.
loved your impressions haha!
That was a good Ledger impersonation.
I love the film and Joaquin was amazing..my only negative Opinion was the reference to Taxi Driver and De Niro was in the film ...ironically
ok so at the 40 secondish mark is he being sarcastic or just a BADD actor
That Heath Ledger Joker impression tho
'Be kind to others...or else.'  It is a zero-tolerance philosophy concerning cruelty.
I thought it followed the king of Comedy waaaay more then taxi driver
Amazing review, just subscribed!
Everytime I hear them pronounce his name it sounds like “Walking Phoenix”
Some of the greatest films I've ever seen are usually panned by critics- that's my opinion.
Ur impressions are on point 👌
I feel like Joker deserves some recognition for extraordinary pacing.  I think it delivered just the perfect amount of each element of Arthurs' journey from loser to looney.
Damn Chris, you are getting hotter and hotter! Sizzle.
The most impressive part was the laugh. Never got old; always unsettling. 
Agree with everything you said. Spot on!
I really like this movie to be honest. Batman has been one of my absolute favorite heroes because his villains and himself have a depth to them and I always liked seeing deeper look into a psyche of a character rather than stab stab oh my gosh that man crazy. I am very happy DC turned to this side of comic movies, I feel like they're starting a great new movie series with their universe and the batman universe. I was a bit confused with the past movies by them but this movie makes me very excited for the future, especially batman in 21. If they explore batman's psyche like they did with the joker I would be so so happy. Also my graduation year, so another bonus for me :>
Great, great, great movie! Best movie of the year, imo
Crime Made Batman,
His Joker and Batman impression was actually good lmao
I'm so glad I'm not the only who noticed the taxi driver similarities. I was telling my friends that and they're like " what's taxi driver?"
Joaquin would definitely make Heath proud if he wins an Oscar.
This movie gave me everything I wanted to see in a joker movie. Seeing him as a regular guy and going through this ride to see the pieces that made him into the villain we all know was amazing. Pheonix put his all into this role and it showed. In my opinion definitely best actor worthy.
One of the best movies ever created. 10/10
Smartest damned thing DC's done since they started their competition with Marvel's movies. Dump the "shared universe" idea. They're just shackles on the writers and it's long played out anyway. Let each film be it's own film, and not dependent upon any other. It could be both a game changer for the superhero film genre in general and for DC who may end up being more successful producing solid one-off films rather than bloated, overly-entangled sequels, prequels, crossovers, etc. I think DC knows by now that they can't successfully copy Marvel's formula, and so they're trying something they're already good at – multi-verses.
The scene where he walks in the hallway with the flowers isn't even in the movie wtf
I agree with everything but Thor ragnarok being a good movie haha
Who likes stuckmann reviews more than jahns?
This movie is amazing. I felt truly sad feeling his pain. Usually super heroes like Batman are always “too perfect” and hard to relate to but the joker have more relatable human feelings like depression etc.. it’s easier to relate to villains. Batman always shows the other side/story of the villains explaining why they end up being evil. Love the penguin (another favorite movie) as well, no one can do a cat woman better than Michelle. ❤️❤️❤️
“I used to think my life was a tragedy, but now I realize it’s a comedy!”
this movie was amazing
I love your Batman impersonation 👌🏼
That Heath ledger impression was actually really good but it then it got to the end and it had my dying😂😂😂
It feels very odd to contradict SO many (presumably) heartfelt opinions and posts, but honestly: When I watched the "Joker" movie, IMHO it was/is one of the WORST movies I've seen in the last 50 years!!!  It's mostly hyperbole, squared, and despite my anticipation and respect for Joaquin Phoenix's acting history, the Director/Screenwriters absolutely doomed this tale to failure.  And despite a plethora of opportunities to address numerous, highly topical and important social issues via a well-known (and beloved) American comic book icon, THIS movie FLOPS terribly!!!  Director Todd Phillips should have his thumbs bronzed for foisting this craptastic "art house" movie on the world.  Honestly, it's that bad.  And no; it's not the violence, the portrayal of people with mental health issues and/or illness, or society regularly failing them, that bothered me most.  It's the craven half-stepping in the story and character development, especially at it's profoundly disappointing ending/conclusion.  This movie is a nothing burger, and a mountain of wasted talent and possibilities.  Don't pay movie house prices to watch this drivel.  Better to sort your socks..., and then your neighbors too if you're that bored.  Bad.
Chris I feel like you’ve been dying to do those dark knight impressions infront of somebody.
Okay, I watched it. Daniel Day-Lewis has nothing on Joaquin Phoenix. My 4-word-review: Oh. My. Good. Ness.
"A movie can be visually compelling. Filled with A list stars, and a great production behind it. Everything looks FUCKING COOL and it can make you not realize how truly shit the script is. The badness of this movie is very well hidden in the incredible cast and directing talent"
What a good film was that. Very cerebral. Loved it. It put a smile on my face.
Making Tourette's Syndrome the cause for his laugh that he struggles with was brilliant!
Is it bad that i laughed like the Joker when the little person couldn't reach the door lock?😂
i like your character impressions
Please watch Parasite! it's a Korean film people have been comparing to Joker. I dont get the comparison but i guess you can clear that out for us? Thanks Chris!
Masterpiece!!
"He eats the screen"  ???   he's on screen for 2 hours. non-stop. he better deliver.  Ledger had waaay less on-screen time. And ... to play the compare game... this is Taxi Driver 2.0 , only with a "Joker"
"I sat around with my friends and talked about it for like 2 hours."
One of the very best films ever made... period.
Right on review man! #1, Although I don’t mind spoilers very much, most people seem to do, you give no spoilers even while giving a great review. #2 Your articulation of the aesthetics of the film is outstanding Chris. I think this is my second or third viewing of your review videos...Hitting the subscribe button. I like the inner cuts to the film as you’re giving the review, of course as it should be, but keep doing what you’re doing.
Chris, when you curse in your videos it feels really forced and pretentious. You have a decent vocabulary. Use some adverbs that don’t detract from your credibility.
perfect  voice impersonation of batman!!
The moment they announced Joaquin Phoenix I knew it would be good. He's choosy with his roles so I knew there had to be SOMETHING there that attracted an actor of his caliber. Easily one of the best living actors
You look like Dreyfus in Close Encounters, except gay. I love u bruh
4:08 MF  you wouldnt even know about these flicks unless Todd Phillips told you to go look em up! *his only critcism is that film uses two DeNiro flicks.....thats like using CLIFF NOTES
Can't wait for Kevin Spacey to star in Joker part 2. In real life:)
10:40 thats exactly why "superman returns" failed so hard, it was nothing but a copy of what was known. no originality to it whatsoever.
"The people who are concerned about the violence in this movie haven't watched movies"
Lol that was a good impression
I saw Taxi Driver 25 years ago and never seen King of Comedy so the similitudes obviously didn't bother me at all. Best movie I've seen in years!
And now Chris has done a good job of making me wanna go see this movie. and I got a feeling I'm gonna buy it when it comes out digitally. I got a feeling Ik some of what's gonna happen, but I still wanna see it.
Its stupid how its "controversial" all because the media says it is
Kinda feels like you’re reading something off a screen while the joker is pointing a gun to your head
Consistantly Excellent reviews Chris !!
I have to watch Heath ledger now
I think it's one of the movies which is gonna make it into history from our times.
I never saw Taxi driver or King of comedy so..
Haha Chris does a great Heath Ledger joker impersonation
Haven't seen the film yet, but I feel like the "controversy" surrounding this film is so silly. It's like people forget that a film rating system exists, and that system is designed to recommend certain films to certain age groups/demographics. It's my understanding that this film is rated "R", and therefore people under the age of 17 aren't recommended to watch it without adult supervision. With this higher rating I feel should come with more mature subject matter that people can discuss, and adults are supposedly more well-equipped to discuss said subject matter and what it means. Younger people aren't always able to separate what they see on TV with reality, and that's where desensitization to violence and misunderstanding of sex can come from, and so shouldn't consume such themes and subject matter alone. At the very least, younger people should be prepared to think about what they just saw, and have intelligent discussions with peers and parents/guardians about how it makes them feel, and what the film is trying to do. Now, considering I'm just one person, and have no say in how others should think/feel/live their lives, I'm not going to tell people to go out and watch this movie or not. However, I think everything I just said could be a way to think about a film's content, and the rating that the MPAA gave due to said content. It's at least how I feel about it.
"What role do we play in creating the joker?" The idea of eschewing personal responsibility is such an idiotic and vapid notion.
I think Chris is a fantastic reviewer but sometimes I feel like something is missing and that's not to criticize his ability or insights. I just feel like there is a kind of deep truth behind the way people feel about things that he might not necessarily always tap into that.  For example there was an iconic force of reckoning speaking to our masculinity in something like Fight Club and there is a similar strength  message in Joker except it's not about masculinity it's about acknowledging The Invisible.  Questioning  ourselves in that equation. And I feel like he subtracted things from the  everyday reviewers manual aspect of the film rather than letting the deeper contact of truth of the film speak for his score. This is not a objectively the wrong thing to do, because he has his right to have his priorities but it's definitely not in line with how I see things which is more of a under the currents perspective.   Again this isn't necessarily saying that he is wrong but rather I wish he was a little more in contact with that aspect.
“All it takes is just one bad day...”
I've seen a lot of discourse around this film and absolutely none of it has been about the violence. At all.
Todd Phillip completely surprised me with this film, since his previous work was comedy but this shows he has a lot of range and I'm excited he got the chance to make this film
Where you get that shirt, it looks badass
At my theater, after i finished my screening, i noticed a bunch of cops in the lobby area, they were surrounding this 1 dude who was fully dressed up as the joker, make up and all. who apparently tried to stab someone during the movie.  Some people are just crazy. But i loved the movie
The Joker is unironically the most meta film I’ve ever seen
Aye that was a pretty good impression of the Batman and the joker lol
Just watched it. WOW. Pheonix is brilliant.
I enjoyed the violence in this movie! I know it sounds strange, but I think there are several ways to handle violence and this movie really chose the best route for what they were going for. In terms of individual acts, there actually weren't a lot, but whenever it occurred it was usually very sudden and brutal -- more realistic, really. I also loved how loud guns were; most movies make guns so much quieter than they really are, which is fine in many movies, especially one's with lots of shooting because it doesn't deafen the audience. Here, though, it was loud and intense; they even made the point of having Arthur's ears ringing after the incident that really kicks things off.
sometimes you have to choose between two evils
I can understand how some people would be “afraid” of this movie but why now? I mean, we had a lot of stories that depict villains as heroes. Take Breaking Bad for example... and yet nobody is giving up their lives to start cooking meth
dude ur impressions are sound af
They making a big uproar about it so they can have something else to blame just like with video games🤦‍♂️
The movie shows those who called Thomas Wayne a fascist were the real racists
I haven't been blown away by such a performance from an actor like Joaquin Phoenix in such a long time. The descent to Arthur's madness and how society sees him make you think how cruel the world can truly be. The people who are paid to watch then criticized this film should be fired. Rotten Tomatoes are a joke!
I've never heard someone say "I love this film" in such an unenthusiastic tone. Congrats
You missed the era when movies were good, dude.  Now big-budget films are mostly made by committee for the lowest common denominator. But at least you know about Scorsese's work, or perhaps Kubrik or Paul Thomas Anderson.
Please read this I have an awesome idea for a sequel to this movie. SPOILERS
I havent seen Taxi Driver or King of Comedy and therefore I found the texture of the film unknown and original.  I dont see the point of this sense of negativity.  Otherwise I thought your review was great.
I loved this movie!
'' I’m actually thinking about shit after watching this '' 
One who doesn't own up to his or her contribution to personal or world problems can never help fixing them....it could be personal health, finances & relationships or Global warming, lack of clean air or ocean full of plastic even terrorism...
I also reviewed this one. I couldn't help focusing on the social and political issues it raises. I believe that's why people are filling the theaters..
It's the Requiem for a Dream of DC
Loved the film.
“The only intelligent tactical response to the horror of life is to defiantly laugh at it.” Hence Joker’s laugh.
Rarely was I hyped for a movie lately over the last few years... and had every expectation blown away. Fantastic movie. 
So I just got back from watching Joker tonight. Amazing! Funny thing is, I just happened to watch Taxi Driver last night for the first time. It was a movie that I've been wanting to watch for a while and didn't even know the story of it.  after watching it I was like damn, I bet Joker is similar to this. It was a weird coincidence lol.
also the last shot with all the tv screens showing different news broadcasts is taken  d i r e c t l y from Network (1976)
damn dude.. speak a bit faster. you’re in a video not a phone call
It’s an A+ i don’t care what anybody says
I was considering watching King of comedy and taxi driver before I saw the film and I think choosing not to improved my experience. I'll check em out now tho
This film is a master piece loved it
LOL at the Martyrs reference!
People being offended by this movie is what’s wrong with our society
When people say this movie is doing more harm than it’s worth:
The way some people say this movie will make people violent reminds of the way people reacted to clickwork Orange when it first came out
Who else came from FBE?
You sound so sarcastic at the beginning
My friend watched this and then went out and overdose on Marijuana....
"People are stupid, panicky beings and you know it." 
I actually wanna see it now. The trailer made it look like a king of comedy clone kindve. Also I like how the entire running could kindve be a hallucination.
I think about all the comic book movies after I watch it.
He doesn't work as a sign twirler. He's a hired clown, and does more than spinning signs,
I saw the movie yesterday it was incredible ! As someone who struggles with mental health I could relate to this man however I wouldn't go around murdering people lol. I do understand what he means about the hypocrisy of the world and thats sad :(
Joaquin is a legend. He took the joker and made it his own. Gladiator, Walk the line, joker.
Movie: (Points out how society is slowly driving some people to insanity)
Good impression of ledger Chris
Nice impressions Chris, 11/10
Dude that t-shirt, I want it
So, the screenwriter for the “Hangover Parts II and III” goes on and writes the HBO miniseries “Chernobyl”, and now the DIRECTOR of those two films goes on to direct “Joker”. 
Media: bullies joker 
He was laughing because he has a neurological condition, it is in fact painful to laugh.
Bruh, your acting is spot on.
The reason why it's so bothering is because the violence was showed realistically.
I just watched it and let me tell you, this man killed it. Ledger def would’ve been proud of this take on the joker. He created his own joker. Still the joker we know, just it’s own compared to ledger. That’s my opinion.
I fully agree.  I loved watching a true way a psychopath behaves. Mimics empathy and social behaviour.  He was wonderful at creeping you out.  
The movie isn’t about society driving people insane, though many people want it to be that. It’s about how insane people can’t handle our society and Phoenix’s portrayal is intended to dissuade you from wanting to emulate such a person...who is a loser in every way. This is quite different than Heath’s Joker. See my review to understand why.
WHAT RATED R MOVIE HAS VIOLENCE UNBELIEVABLE
Knock, knock….
"Quotes give a lot of likes in the comments"
Love your smile... T.W.
Chris!!! Youre trending in Australia!!!!
you're a good actor haha
how can I find the image on Stuckman's t-shirt?
I cannot believe that we're still bickering over violence in the arts. Responsibility lies with the audience. Always. If you do not like it, leave. If you do not want your children to see it, don't let them. And, if you happen to be a sociopath, you cannot use art as an excuse for your behavior. Your actions are your own.
Where can I find his t shirt?
I hope people realize the reason they ended up feeling the way they did during the movie wasnt ONLY because of Joaquins performance alone but also because of how Well HiLDUR Guðnadóttir’s Score complimented Joaquin’s performance. Her dark haunting yet brilliant music made you feel like you were in the mind of a true psychopath. A True Masterpiece...
This year red carpet will be green 🤩
Best movie this year.
There was no actor playing a character in this movie, Joaquin Phoenix was Arthur Fleck, and it was incredible to behold. Oscar worthy performance without doubt.
I noticed the Taxi driver similarities too, but I thought this was Todd Phillips thanking Scorsese for the inspiration. I think it was why they were so obvious..to pay homage
brilliant review!
I see Martin Scorsese's Taxi back there.  Is that a jab at Marvel Mr. Stuckmann?  ;-)
The best movie of the year
Spoiler Alert 🚨 
Thanks Chris! Love frm Manila, Philippines
Joker is like uncle or bother of batman who knows 😂😂😂😂 I give A for the movie
"mirar una ventana es como mirar una pared, pero en vez de una ventana es una pared"
I felt respect for him
OMG, a movie that makes you think?!
Chris, I enjoy your videos so much you rock! Umm, do you have a store? If so, please reply with a link. If you don't have a store get one!
a-....That's a first!
That shirt is dope!
There was a police presence at my local theater when I went to see this. I just had to roll my eyes.
I never seen Taxi Driver or Kings of Comedy so this movie is something like I’ve never seen ever before. This movie was so amazing.  Absolutely disturbing and phenomenal.
I saw this film rather as a lesson for everyone to learn....hopefully. Be very careful how you treat people because you never know what they are going through. Kindness goes a long way.
This is one of the most thought provoking films ive ever seen. There's not a lot of films that make me feel emotions but in a dull way. And the incredible thing is that I've never seen any of the batman films and watched this with 0 bias. The hype is well deserved and Phoenix is just phenomenal.
I like my Joker without an origin story myself, mystery is always more interesting
Joker: Arkham asylum I want to see that
I laughed through my Pain until the  Pain made me Laugh.
This is DEMOCRACY in US looks like ? A place that make a decent man a Joker ?
What if I told you that Chris gave this movie the same grade he gave X-men Apocalypse?
Hopefully someone someday can make a good Tokyo goul or berserk movie
Just get off social media!
"I just hope my death makes more cents than my life"  Joker 2019
I remember that first Batman movie by Nolan. I came away from the movie really thinking about my life- for real. These sort of moves don't make me feel so guilty about wasting time watching a movie. This movie was a serious performance. My friend told me today that if Joker doesn't win an Oscar then and Oscar ain't shit.
The only thing that disturbed me in this film was the super rats!
When are we getting a dark and gritty Might Mouse who starts out as a rat with a heroin problem, depression and self loathing and then someone makes him realize he's special then that friend gets killed and now Mighty Mouse is truly pissed and gets medieval on the bad guys? Possible one liners: There's a mouse in the house. Look, up in the sky, it's yo daddy! Gimme cheese. Where my rats at? 
Would love to see Phoenix, receive his Oscar and in his speech to the audience, start by laughing as the stand up scene in the movie.
I was legit scared of this joker towards the end.
The bathroom scene in this film was haunting. It was truly terrifying watching the last bits of Arthur slip away from the mentality of this character. He truly became the Joker in that scene and it was one of the most brilliant scenes of filmmaking I have seen in a very long time.
The movie was great and very unexpected
Do you wanna know how I got these o(scars)?
I thought the end scene was necessary. Where they showed him running around in the hospital. At this point they show you (whether its real or not) that The Joker has completely let go. He killed the therapist and most likely killed the second doctor chasing him. He is Joker at this point. —— at the beginning he was still holding on, saying things to his first therapist like, “all i have are bad thoughts, but you never listen!” - the hospital scene at the end was a great arch for “Arthur Fleck” the guy. GREAT MOVIE!!!!!!
Holy shit his impression of Heath Ledger’s Joker is spot on 😂😂😂
I have  a theory - What if Joaquin's Joker is just a pioneer of this chaotic movement)He is a spiritual father for the Mastermind Joker(Ledger))Joaquin's Joker started a Joke,if you know what i mean))
Saw it in VIP theatre and it was sold out
I'm glad you enjoyed the documentary about my life Chris.
Some people said it was slow. It’s an origin! What do you think critics!!
"This movie was wonderful!"
Your impersonation of joker (ledger) is so good
Tarantino would like this movie...
Amazing film
What would bring someone to a point where you procreate?
The film was brilliant. Nothing like you have ever seen in a comic book movie. He deserves an oscar without a doubt.
great heath ledger joker voice, Chris!
So whos gonna be the next batman? I see some batman reference
Wow! your Heath Ledge Joker and Batman Impression are impressive
I thought it also paralleled Mr Robot with the title screen and psychotic hallucinations
Will Chris Give a A+ On this episode Find out Next Time
Was not disappointed!! Loved it!
So nobody gonna talk about that joker impression at 7:03
Sooo uh.    I just noticed this, but uhhhhh Chris isn’t wearing his ring.. 🥺 am I late ?
Film of the  year!!
He gave it a good time no laughing gas required.
I love your content) than you!
Great film hands down.
I have to disagree. with the clues given they are definitely half brothers   In this scenario.
Good to know you think this movie is as good as Aquaman Chris👍 
Martrys?! Chris why is your bar for violence so high? Lmao that movie is the most graphic thing I've ever seen.
u know a movie is good when its controvertial lol. no hero, no distraction from causes, society can be ugly, and society dont like it when u show them a mirror.
Great review
In a way his story here is timeless as well because when he finds out he was adopted and with no records of who his family is or where he comes from, basically he still has no origin except what he knows and has experienced as his life. On the other hand, all those documents could have been easily forged by a man like Thomas Wayne and he really his his son. The point is we won't ever know which still makes his origin constant and timeless and not really an origin. Love this movie and I feel it is the decider in many ways for the future of superhero/comic book movies.
the impression of joker in the hospital scene was really good lmao wtf
Didn't the joker do good by shooting all those bad people? I don't know why people are talking so much about violence. Maybe somewhere in their psyche they identify themselves with the class which is not downtrodden.
When did Chris learn how to act?  That was a spot on joker impression during the hospital scene!!!
I left the film speechless. Unbelievable.
you have a stroke at 0:35?
You look like you were being held at gun point in the first 3 mins
Actually felt bad for the Joker even got close to a tear, this movie is unsettling but I think it's because of how real this actually is for some people.
Robert Dinero getting shot in the face was the best part of this movie.
This movie felt like a IRL joker...
How do you give this an A- but Avengers Civil War an A+?
So what if a movie condones violence.  People are responsible for their own  actions .  Movies are make believe.
It's not about the violence, it's about giving some justification to him losing it. His actions aren't justifiable. I think it tries to draw too much sympathy for Joker. At the end, it seems to want you to think, "Man, the world really did him wrong. He's taking it too far, but the world did him wrong." By comparison, Taxi Driver makes you think, "This dude is misreading everything and losing it." 
In modern times I have a simple philosophy. If far left liberals hate it, then I will love it!
That age difference tho. Jokers gonna be an old ass man by the time Bruce becomes Batman lol
People were complaining they had empathized too much with the villain and so I came into the theater half expecting the movie to be a blown out of proportion sob story about Joker's origins. Boy, I was wrong.
I was actually shocked by the lack of excessive violence. There's like 5 kills and they're brief and realistic.
I really like what Chris said here about the film DEPICTING violence and criminal behavior. Depicting is not the same as directing. This film is not directing anyone to do these things, this film is depicting these things. Great point I think many people should be more open to when judging movies, music, video games...
I literally thought the movie was boring got excited at the end but then the movie ended
8:32 - 8:39 yeah I agree Deadpool was more violent then this movie.  Compared to Deadpool 1 and 2 this is like at least 3 notches down lol 🙄
The Joker movie is a remake of V for Vendetta
Who else thought he was being sarcastic in the beginning 😂😂
Ledgers done it!
Can we get Arthur Fleck to play Roger Federer's biographic movie?
Sorry hugely disagree Endgame was hyped up nonsense IW was amazing idk endgame took a complete 360
I'm a HUGE batman/joker fan and the media portrayal of it had me on the fence about seeing this wondering if the violence and content were just too much. You've convinced me to go see it. I'll comment back afterwards!
“This Film is wonderful...”
Maybe it's just me, but I totally got a Psycho vibe from the scenes of him and his mom.
he has not a laughing disorder, he has just a different kind sense of humor..
Mel Gibson's Passion of The Christ might be the most violent movie of all time.
Anyone catch the cinema marque in the movie?... " Zorro the gay blade". I chuckled.
Great review as always
Why A-? I would like to hear what you think could have been done better? Because I think it's the perfect origins story.
Each film/show with joker had origin story. Each origin is different.
If you don’t laugh with the Joker, you don’t get it.
"The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth
I think they took a little from the movie Vulgar and the ending was a bit like Psycho. But the influence of KoC & Taxi Driver was pretty heavy. I wonder if DC movies will riff on 80's movie like this did, and how Shazam was a lot like BIG.  Glad they didn't over use Zazie Beetz.
Great review
watched it today,superb and very well made movie👍🇮🇳india.
What I got from the movie is that basically anyone could become a joker.
Going to see this next week
Joker this Joker that Joker the other. Where's The Penguin to smack that chump with his umbrella?
when he killed his mother😱😱😱
As did "Falling down"....
you're so right... pple who complained about this movie being violent forgot or they don't know that Joker is a homicidal maniac. He is a legit insane character...
The scene on the train where he is laughing uncontrollably but you still see him terrified had me torn up. Incredible performance.
Masterpiece
I do think this movie is flawless...😉
I like how realistic it seems. I haven’t seen it yet but I’m seeing it today. I suck because I’m one of those guys who look at reviews about movies before I see them 😑
Out of all the reviews I've heard about the film, this assured me the most.
I think I would have gave this movie an A not an -A.... this is one of the best movies in the DC Universe thus far since the Dark Knight era
Film deserves an A+
The point is, Why is so Serious??
Your Batman and Joker impressions are very impressive
I've had chills after watching this film.
Your Batman and Joker impressions are very spot on.
Fair review.
Where do you get all these incredible shirts?!?
so true. with a little less taxi driver would be great
I feel like no ones talking about how surprising it was that Todd Philips wrote and directed this
I did not expect this very guttural  imitation of Batman 😊
Have not seen the movie. But that was an excellent review.
who is "Walking Phoenix"?
robert de niro is in this?? now i dont want to see it.
Chris is every English teacher ever. Can’t give an A+ because there’s always room for improvement 🤣
Good review!
He basically works as contracting clown company
Saw the movie yesterday in Mumbai and people clapped after the end. How many times we see this in a Cinema hall. Very rarely. That say's it all. Fantastic performance.
This film says a lot about society and gouverment system..
people say that the last 15 minutes of the film were crazy.. what they don't understand is,
i get the taxi driver /king of comedy thing, but mostly ithought the nods were towards 'henry' movie 
Hopefully maleficent doesn't steamroll over this movie
Phoenix was infinitely better than Ledger- @
Am I listing to a robot speaking?
A- means this movie is amazing and Jeremy Jahns loved it
I’m not agree with the minus ... Just A
Where could i get that shirt, because its epic
Bruh, do they take your reviews serious?
A+ you heathen!!
6:46 That is the best definition of what the Joker “is”, that I have ever heard..
Excellent review as always. 👌 Where do you get your awesome T-shirts? Link please? 😀
Didn't think of taxi driver even for one second
This Movie shows the interplay between Joaquin Phoenix and Bruce Wayne's Origins Story where Jokers Debilitating causes stemmed from his Psychological disorder which culminates gradually as it unfolds and seeps into his social interactions with people and acquaintances as a whole affecting his psyche and mind into a cancerous state where his social interpersonal relationships with people and his mental disorders begins to degrade ever increasingly 
YOU TALK SO SLOW, MANNNNNNNN
"I just hope my death makes more cents than my life"
amazing film, my only problem was i felt all the jokers actions were justifiable, i shouldn't feel sympathetic towards the joker.. still a masterful performance
The movie was surprisingly funny. The whole theater I was at was laughing the whole time. This goes well with when the Joker tells his mom "This whole time I thought my life was a tragedy. But I realized that it's a fucking comedy." In some ways, I would consider the movie to be a comedy. Especially the midget scene
I saw the movie this week and of course it wasn't perfect, as nothing is, but I really enjoyed it and will try to get it on DVD. My only problem now is convincing someone I know to see it too. They think that it's going to be too sad for them.
If your deciding how to live your life through movies then you should go get help!
"Everyone's gansta...until I smiled"
The main problem that people have is that we are in a serious conversation about economic disparity and Joker is the mascot for the dispossessed.
So basically people are annoyed because the movie isn't explicitly telling them that violence is bad? If someones moral compass is that fucked up, this movie isn't going to change anything.
In my opinion... The movie wasn't good.
I wonder if Stuckmann is THAT apolitical, or if he just doesn't talk about it because he wants everybody to like him.
Ledger was amazing. But this movie had a lot more for Joaquin to do, it's one of the greatest performances I've ever seen. I think he's done what everyone thought was impossible and topped even Ledgers portrayal.
You're on point no bulshit commentary of the movies you described is the reason I subscribed to your Channel
few movies are even close to the level of violence in The Walking Dead, those critics are just prudes and hypocrites
"those ate valid concerns" no they're not, thos are idiots mind pov that dont know the diffrrence between a movie and reality. I don't understand why the mainstream media considers this film  offensive but its the mainstream media....and they dont make no sense. Its a fictional movie and a masterpiece at that.....and THAT is to be glorified
It's kind of ironic that all the backlash that the media created is taking the attention away from the message of mental health being overlooked. It's sort of a case of life imitating art.
During the end credits people were giving rounds of applause in my local cinema. Truly a masterpiece.
I never liked Joker (the character), but the film was all shades of great, so you're not actually biased that much... at least, you're not wrong about it.
What violence??? Look at 'Heat', etc.
The question is, what does it take for Chris to grade a movie A+? 😉
Of course you would favor the demonic, psychotic movie. Typical 🙄
"Wanna know how i got these oscars?"
Oscar material!
I personally was surprised of how violent it was. I was expecting violence but not gore. I didn,t mind it. I was just surprised. Oh and Martyr ain't too bad. Except, you know what.
His dark knight Batman impression and joker impression are surprisingly vary spot on
Avengers Endgame makes you think afterwords same with Black Panther
Chris, your Heath Ledger Joker impression was fantastic! 😂
This movie is so perfect and I really wish Joaquin and Todd Phillips would sign on for one more.
I want to see the Joker movie where he tickles people to death
Everyone caught Taxi Driver and King of Comedy but I saw Fight Club and Identity.
This movie is mesmerizing
compares Phoenix’s Joker with Ledgers
Metascore of 59 and audience score of 9.0 on IMDb?  Wow. Critics have outdone themselves - again... Thanks Chris for understanding this film for what it is! Great review :)
Just tell me if its a family movie. I wanna watch with my family ..dont want any inappropriate scenes
Checkout NETWORK - its another inspiration. Art is Art - its subjective. Its a film.. a window .. a view. Just a film. Oscar! Oscar!
I saw Joker completely fresh. Never seen Taxi Driver or King of Comedy. Phoenix is fantastic as the clown.
Actually Arthur Fleck works as a "clown for hire" where people hire these clowns to run gigs for hospitals and sign twirlers. Lol
Watched it again... Not yet satisfied...will never be...
I saw this movie last night, me and my cousin didn't see any reviews or spoilers until we went to watch the movie. Ok, first of all, the movie is amazing, like you say at the end of this review, we did spend a few hours just talking about the movie. It is a really amazing version of the this iconic character by Juaquin Phoenix (btw, proud that he is puertorrican and they show just a glimpse at the very beginning of the movie for that matters). If you guys follow the news of Puerto Rico a few months ago, and this movie were released at that point in time, here in Puerto Rico, we will be at war with the government, no joke (pun not intended). The only complaint that we have with this movie is the laughter, sounds iconic enough to differentiate from the others version of the 'Joker', but sometimes (besides what you say that its seems to hurts sometimes) found it way to annoying. Not saying its bad though, just that took too much time on screen. Maybe was the intention of the movie, just we found it kinda annoying at some points. Other then that, we found this movie really amazing, almost a masterpiece.
I loved the sympathy the movie made people feel because it's such a cognitive dissonance. You know what he's doing is wrong and yet on some level you want to cheer because it's told from his point of view and everything from the music to the cinematography to the colors makes those scenes seem like good things because to him they are. It puts you in the eyes of a psychopath.
I always disliked unrealistic movies where the hero wins flawlessly and the world is saved. I love the joker. Very realistic and you can feel the pain and frustration.
I have seen a contemporary movie like this in a while: a character study, leaves some questions unanswered, no mindless action/CGI, and just a good movie. I feel like this is a comic movie in name only.
Imo, I think it speaks to the power of the film that people are so disturbed by joker.
I haven't seen the film but what I will say is this - I support it 100%
Amazing movie
Watch this movies extremely drunk the second time. Is a comedy.
"TICKLE PEOPLE TO DEATH"
It’ll take till Star Wars for this to die down because boy will that be awful
A- seriously? This is an A +
I think the realness of it legit scared some folks....which is funny coming from a society obsessed with reality TV.  Anytime that truth is forced to look at itself, it's treated like a love child that nobody wants to acknowledge. (pun intended? lol)
joker needs A+
Batman 89 Joker: Throw him into a vat of acid. 
I saw it last night and I’ve had people tell me not to go, people who haven’t seen it. This movie does ask some questions that this new world which is not brave, does not want to even touch. Especially those in our society that love to shit on people. They would hate to think that someone may fight back or question that lifestyle in any sane or insane way. It’s uncomfortable.
People who live in the Bubble, and think the worlds getting better! Maybe for the rich!
It was ok!
Whats his name? Walking Phoenix??
People's thinking 
Chris, if its so important that we see the events that lead to Arthur Fleck becoming the joker, why not explore the back story of the thugs that assault him on the subway? Is their behavior not also sociopathic? Why is Arthur Fleck's arc more worthy of exploring than those thugs?
Did u compare this performance to Heath Ledgers???? lol no way.
The fact that this incredible film has a Gary Glitter song in it means it won’t in any Oscars. Do I care, no. That’s what I love about it. Massive middle finger to the establishment 🖕🏻
Wait then what constitutes an A+. Its been a while but this movie hit and moved me like a ton of bricks. Sure Taxi Driver came to mind but this was a tour deforce, it was also uncomfortable, thought provoking, incredibly well made and just a "Full" film.  What came to mind when thinking about the Taxi Driver comparison was that 1 they had Joaquin and DeNiro acting across from each other in this film and 2 he ends up shooting DeNiro therefore blowing away Taxi Driver so to speak. Not that this movie is looking to take a jab at Taxi Driver but more that if you might draw comparison you might as well do something to differentiate yourself or up it in a way but it also seems like some cinema fun as well as the director having fun because why not, its a Joker movie and this decision fits in perfectly with the character of Joker. Its a move thats responding with "No this is not a copy". I hope I've explained it well enough. But again, not sure why its an A-. It was just too powerful.
“Some deep and edgy quote” - Someone Deep and Edgy
Please review El Camino.
How many cigarettes did he smoke???
you are giving spoilers
I do not understand why youtube keeps recommending this channel after the "I love the new star wars because Disney paid me good money!" fiasco. Can you stop doing videos please? You proved yourself not worthy.
Just saw this movie, I didn’t know what to expect going in. It’s artistically and cinematically amazing, and Phoenix is absolutely Oscar worthy. It’s a far, far departure from any superhero/villain film ever made...and after this film you may never want those “typical” types of films again.
nice shirt! where can i get one?
Mixed feelings about the movie.  If they had made this exact same movie but never titled it Joker and they removed all the references to Batman and Gotham City, would this be a movie worthy of such praise?  I'm not sure it would.  I think it was  an extremely well-shot and well-acted film that told a very trite and contrived story of a man's descent into violence.  But it's getting bonus points for selling it as the origin story of a hugely recognizable comic book villian.
I think the film is a masterpiece. It's everything I hoped it would be. I think the problem people have with it, is that they kid themselves that they don't have a dark side, yet the film is so carefully written, executed and edited so you understand EXACTLY why he does all the messed up shit. Part of you wants to do them crazy things too. That's your shadow. If you don't know it's there it can take over. So it's educational. I think this film will be studied in psychology and criminology classes for years.
what comic is this based on?
My predictions on who'll be nominated for Best Actor at this year's Oscars:
Sadly, SOCIAL JUSTICE OUTRAGE = $$$
Saw it last night, got a huge problem with it: it made me sympathize with his character! I'm not suppose to have empathy for the joker. The movie failed to produce a single character who's purely good to manifest the evolvement of the evil side of the joker. Joker is pure evil... the ultimate shadow, He sees good ppl as punishable as the bad, all i saw was abusive, manipulative, scumbags getting punished which is relatable ( not in the extremely)... it's just absurd!
What am I, some sortaa....Joker?
Sign holders or walking billboards are referred to as 'human directionals' in the advertising world.
Just saw the movie today, it was great in a disturbing kind of way. 
SJWs ruin everything
A-?? MAYBE ITs fair just tell me what film did he ever gave a A+?
How many oscars can be attributed to the joker character?
Just saw this film..
The most disturbing part of the movie is when Joker kills the big guy who gave him the gun, then the little guy tries to walk out the door but cant reaches the door and the whole movie theater bursts out laughing as if the little guy's life didn't matter. I've never seen such a 4th wall break ever.
I’d give it an 8/10
Oscar material here.. A- score very fair.
Are the finger gun moments an homage to Taxi Driver? Travis Bickle made finger gun a few times in the movie.
hahahaha hahahahahaha hahahahahaha hahahahahaha hahahaahahah hahahaahaha
What taked a A plus?
Didn't like the movie regardless of how flawless it was. Legder really spoiled the joker for eternity.
I think it’s haunting because there is so much stigma surrounding mental illness IRL. Ugh it is not like I was expecting a sermon, but I was sad after watching it because there is soooo much need for resources. Let me make a list:
He's not a sign twirler, he's a rent-a-clown. Temp agency type of deal... but for clowns.
This movie openly exposes state and federal government's preferred prescription for mental illness.    ...the sidewalk.
Gotham created the Joker
What I think is great about this movie is that if anyone did anything nice for Arthur, even probably just one thing, or spoke to him as a honest friend at any time, the whole tragic outcome could have been avoided. Over time I think this will become one of my favourite films.
Does joker deserve oscar?
"He eats the screen...every single time he's on-screen."....I wanted to see this film already, but Chris just made me want to see it even more!
The guard at the gate was saying unironically how people in masks are cowards who murder.. i quielty chuckled thinking "you seriously have no idea who you're protecting right this minute do you?" Looks at Bruce..
I'm tired of some idiots dissing this masterpiece because of the taxi driver similarities.
oh god stuckman cant u notice the point
Everyone (rightly) should hale his acting.   I also noticed the cinematography work was outstanding and allowed the actor to be shown at his best.   Excellent all round.
Can we talk about how great Chris's impressions of batman and joker were.
Gee I wonder what the kids will want to dress up as this Halloween? Hmmmm....
Its a superb movie. i loved it Joaquin Phonix is superb in acting and the director wow. it will be one of the golden movies ever made . wow so supeb movies are being made it will take over all the world meaning its superb...three words awesome, awesome,awesome.
Can someone please tell me whether Thomas Wayne was Arthur's real dad or not. The film confused me a lot on that
You know what a har leh quin is?
Disney: “EndGame is the best movie of 2019”!
Joker is the victim and the hero. Everyone sane would feel sorry for him.
Society can make you insane.
its up to joaquin to do a sequel... and i agree with whatever he decides. the pc backlash could last
The thing with the violence in this film is that it is used sparingly so when it happens it has more of an impact. It has a purpose. It's integral to the story. Unlike a lot of the throw away violence in films like Deadpool. Though that is mainly played laughs. I don't care for Deadpool. It didn't have an impact on me. But this did.
Actually, his job isnt being a side twirler.
Don't watch this movie after I watched this movie i killed 70 mosquitoes😮😜😈
Excellent movie!
Astounding acting by Phoenix. Great music. Very good visuals. Mediocre script. Poor dialogs. Heath Ledgers performance was way more accomplished IMO. But he was working with better writers and director.
Why A- ?
So nobody’s going to talk about how badass is his shirt
Controversy of what? What are people talking about? The movie is awesome just shut up and watch it and admire what Phoenix brings to the table which is a beautiful execution of one of the most difficult characters to portray in a movie
I just saw the movie last night.  Joker was absolutely brilliant.  The entire movie was an emotional rollercoaster.  There were times in the movie where you would sympathize with the joker.  Other times, the joker would do something that shocks the hell out of you.  Joaquin Phoenix performance is absolutely amazing.  I would say that Phoenix portrayal of the Joker may be the best yet, even beating Heath Ledger's amazing Joker performance.  Here's my reason why Phoenix version of Joker may be the best version ever:  1.  This Joker is VERY dark.  From the beginning to the end, the viewer sees the world through the jokers eyes.  This is very powerful because we, the audience, see what made the joker who he is.  The violence helps the movie out a lot.  This movie definitely earned its R rating.  This movie is definitely not for children folks.  Finally, Joker had me thinking about things after watching.  A movie that makes you think during and after viewing deserves serious recognition.  Congrats Joker.  This movie may be the movie of the year.  Joaquin Phoenix is definitely  going to get several awards for his performance as the Joker.
I wanna go see it because I deal with mental issues as well but I'm afraid because people are being morally stupid and doing things like smoking in people's faces, threatening, etc.
I would really LOVE to watch this movie. BUT Warner Brothers did a NASTY thing to Youtubers by claiming videos and vampireing the money from creators (Do you ALL not remmeber this???). So I'll end up watching this later on in the discount bin or Netflix.
Aside from 'The Dark Knight', 'Kings of Comedy' and 'Taxi Driver', another film that came to my mind is 'Nightcrawler'.
Good thing I haven't seen Taxi Driver.
I have a script. I read it and also stare at the cue cards. I read it and look at it, and also take cues on hand gestures....
According to my opinion this movie was ruined or murdered to attach with batman story.
Cmon, almost 2 million views
Pennywise, Joker,  Joe Biden... it's the year of the clowns.
Wish they cut out the wink wink batman plot - would have been perfect as completely standalone.
DC and Warner Bros. should just stick to making comic book movies that are more mature, gritty and dark with hint of elegance to them. That seems to be their identity since they produce those types of films really well. They only messed up when they tried to emulate what Marvel did and play catch up, rushing BVS and Justice League.
Wow you give this movie an A-  but u give Alita battle angel a B I'm beside myself with your recent reviews man!!!
Scorsese is on a roll this year. The joker and next will be the Irishman. Who els works this hard
this movie condones violence the same way the news condones it every day... right?
This movie has shown us that many of us are hypocritical. This is trully the Joker movie for having successfully done that.
Walking Phoenix
Fine, I’ll do it my self.
The villian in this movie is society, and the so called good guys which make up our society. Everyone failed him accept his one coworker who suffered from drawfism.  It held a mirror to the world and showed us all that were created the Joker.  By not spreading love to those who need it most.  All the bullies, all of the people who stick their heads in the sand while others are oppressed...  They are the true villians, and the Joker, their child.  He triumphed in becoming true to himself and awakening to the state of the society and the individuals that are a part of it.     The joker represents our shadow self.  The shadow that lies dormant and passive aggressively within us all. Brilliant, enlightened, and insightful.
You're the best I don't go to a movie anymore unless I check with you.  Bring the wifei on more reviews she's very entertaining.
The same people complaining about the Joker are probably the same people taking to Twitter about the holes in the new iPhone.
You know its a good movie when Chris talks with his friends after the movie for an extended period of time
Good batman impression
I knew Joaquin Phoenix was a genius when I first saw him in Gladiator.
Humans have this thing they do where they separate the potential for evil for humanity like its something far into the void but it is very much part of us and if it wasn't we wouldn't have laws! Most of the time we choose to ignore that dark side because it's easy, when we see someone going into that dark place it's easy to ignore that and pretend that's just the way they are but we know very well in general we are an accumulation of what we experience. Yes there are the oddities here and there but people are mostly their environment but on a grander scale it's easier for us to have a supremacist mentality where we are better because we put in that extra effort to be when in reality we are pretty primitive and you see this a lot with the reactions people have to the back stories of really evil characters and how they might've turned! When someone is good and we appreciate them we have no problem telling their whole story, in fact we want to tell their whole story to understand the character and how we can learn from that but with evil characters there's this revulsion and it comes back to that primitive argument again because that revulsion makes no sense! Just as there is a blueprint for people to be good there's also a blueprint for people to be evil and once people understand that they will care more about others!
Great Movie, Mr. Phoenix is unbelievably good!  Deniro sucked though, stiff and a bad casting choice. Not as stiff as Arnold, but close.
it is that indeed and its a great movie, but is not a Joker's movie, i think they put Joker as the name to sell it to people. there are so many killers who were and are created by society, i mean just investigate a little, the movie just explores the idea of a person who is extremely emotional repressed and is into clowns a lot. love the movie but i don't see the Joker in this film.
This guy doesn’t get it
The guy just needs a good vacation from the world, a good stash of weed, a good woman beside him, a pet dog and cat and the beach.  He should then probably change his career to something where there is very little interaction with mean people like a book keeper or a gardener/farmer in the country.  There's a lot of Arthur Fleck in LA and in San Francisco that needs help.
I never imagined the director of Road Trip would do something like this.
You know what lesson I think the lesson we should all take away from this film? Just be good to people. Don’t be an asshole, don’t bully or alienate others for being different; just try to be nice to others. Maybe if more of us could do that, the world wouldn’t be as shitty as it often is.
First of all Joaquin is Arthur, not the Joker. Our Joker died. I loved Joaquin’s performance as Arthur. But I was never scared, Heath on the other hand scared me as soon as he was on the screen and started talking. The whole movie was painful to watch for me, his performance will never be outdone you are damn right
I felt the vibe that the rich doesn’t care about the lower class and only care about themselves. Loved the movie.
He doesn't work as a sign twirler he works as a clown taking different jobs u already annoyed me but yes the movie was great
I get why you didnt put A+... but why an A-,why not A??
Walter White should have been an extremely controversial character if these people were being consistent.
I think what I'm most irritated about is people saying this movie is "true" cinema.
When you induce a person to abandon his principles, you must also be prepared to live with a person who has no principles.
