Even if i drew all socks out of my dresser i would not have a single matching pair...
Bob may be a dog, answer is C.
I didn't get the socks problem at first, because I thought it meant that with your eyes closed you literally draw a sock... like, a drawing, a painting XD
this video made me feel stupid.
I got them both right... only one who thought it was easy?
anyone else feel stupid after the first one?
80% fail the test because most of em don't care enough to put any brainpower to them.
"While you're thinking about this problem, I'm gonna give you more to think about" lmao
My answer is YES. No matter what Bob's status is, there always be one married person looking at an unmarried person. If Bob is not married, YES. Alice (who is married) is looking at unmarried person (Bob). If Bob is married, YES. Bob is looking at unmarried person (Charlie). PS: I wrote this comment before I watched the whole video
Basically Alice loves Bob secretly while Bob is gay.  ┐(´д｀)┌
These were both so easy
The first problem, I just thought that since Alice is looking at Bob, she’s married to Bob, so the answer must be A. Lol
Apply the same principle to a problem involving N people. Prove that a married person is always looking at an unmarried person.
U almost got me with the first 1 but then i came to the solution yes XD, the second one was pretty ez u have to say
the real answer to the second problem is no, you are holding a pencil
My thoughts on the first one:
this video makes me feel like I can solve them when I really use my brain :D got them right hell ye
Serious ego boost after me figuring the first one out
for the first question i was all like:
was the second prpblem just to make people feel better for missing the first one?
What if you grab 3 black Socks but they're different brands? (Ex. 1 black Nike, 1 adidas, and one unbranded Walmart sock.) if they're different brands they're not matching making them not a pair. Plus, if you actually care about matching socks you ball them up so you just grab them At once, not one by one. Making the person grabbing the socks stupid anyway.
OK I WATCHED THE VIDEO 
0:18 C
Hi, I'm unmarried like it said in the video
if people picked out the answer randomly, more people would get it right
first time i feel good answering yes in "did you figure it out?"
Yasss I'm in the 20% 😂
I solved the second one 😂
I got the first one right after some thinking because I'm a genius. I got the second one wrong because I'm not smart. :(
1: no
Ahhh I'm one of the 20 % who got this right. I feel good
found your channel... Now I'm in love with solving these probs and testing my reasoning skills... u may see now a series of notification of my comments as I can see other comments are 1-2 years old... haha it's really interesting :D
When I asked my son both the questions he said that 'yes' is the correct answer for both the problems.
Bob could be a horse... the problem doesn't state that Bob is a person, so the answer should be C
this was really intersting thank you!
this one was easy :>
hi, i'm the 80% xD
really cool video, i've confused all my family with these lol
This made my head hurt!!
this is so easy, I solved it when i saw the thumbnail bro
Lmao I got Both right I feel so smart xD
OOOOOOOOOOH
Omg for the second question i thought he actually meant to draw 3 socks like with a pencil kind of draw
I am one of the 20%
This video made me feel smart :)
tbh, I thought you meant drawing them like drawing a picture
Got them both right! :D I feel smart now.
First one was easy enough. Didn’t understand the second lol
These questions are pretty easy :)))
I’m just an unmarried sock...
I tought c at the second question, I tought of left and right socks
I only knew the last one! xD
Making educated guesses 😂
Both right, I feel better about my self now :)
When I looked at the first one I had a bit of a hard time but as soon as the second one came I realized that both of them were yes the sock one gave it away
You're not holding a pair at all because you're holding three socks not two :p
got both right!♡♡
Damn, I didn't get the first one right 😂 Only the second one ;-;
Got them right 💃🏻
Correct answer is still C. They could all be married.
Got the first one wrong, but the second right - shame on me
I said you're holding a pencil in #2😂
1 Yes
OMG! I PICKED YES!!!!
I was confused, bcs i though That Charlie was Bob :v Anyway i chose A)
Yeah I guessed it right! Who else did?!🙃🤓
First one took me like 5 seconds and the other one like 2 seconds :P Anyone else?
Damn I got both right😅
These made me happy ^-^
The second problem is short on information. It did not specify "matching color" pair of socks, only "matching socks". It did not specify available types of socks, meaning you could draw a white ankle-high sock and a white knee-high sock, but still not have a matching pair.
You got me ;)
yes!! got it right :)
For the third one, this was my thought process:
Got both of them right. :D
I liked that one my first impulse was c but then i turned on my mind :P
I choose A, and I was right ;)
I was Rigggggght😂😂😂
I got this one in just 3 seconds. Easy one 👍
wow this was easy I figured it out with the thumbnail
what if bob is in a quantum state of both married and unmarried?
Feeling so smart😎
I got the first one correct yet the second one I got wrong, I was thinking "It can't be a pair if it's three socks."
"80% pass" There, now your titles a lot more accurate
III GGOOOTTTT IT RIGGGGHHHHTTTT !!!!
Got both correct in like 5 seconds. These ones were too easy compared to some of the ones you posted before that were actually a real challenge.
First is little tough I figured it out after some thinking but second is extremely easy solved it at once.
Damn, u got me!
Lol the second one was just so obvious I thought there was gonna be like some special trick like the first one but no, I got it right, instantly...
The 1st I thought that Charlie and Bob were married together XD.
All depends on what City and State you live in....
I got both of them right :3 IMMA SMERT
I got both right and I solved them in like 5 seconds
Erm...I got the first riddle right...and the second one...I've always been good at riddles...but does this mean I'm a genius? Or just a logical thinker? Idek
i felt like an idiot but I think im starting to remember how to solve these, thank you very much
OK so I've paused it on 0:15. The answer is clearly yes. I expect a trap. I'm still going with yes.
I was right on first one
First one blew my mind. I really like your videos
idk how😂😂😂
I got both right!!😂
This had an 80% fail rate?
i got both right~
I feel so proud of myself after finding the answer for both the questions correctly !! I'm a god at fortnite
What if Alice is married to some other person and Bob and Charles are married?
Too easy lol xD
sadly, I failed miserably
I chose yes AND no for the first question and yes for the second question. so i got them right-ish
I'm a genius cuz I got them both right 😂😂
Yes (a)
the clock in the background
My guesses:
Lets see...
`\(^~^)/`
1st one: what if all of them are married?
hilarious
I got the first instantly
The first one got me thinking
this was actually easy to solve😅
Stop easy problems!
so heteronormative😂
I thought by matching he meant both same color plus left and right...😁
I got the first one wrong but got the second one right. I love riddles!!!
Got it right first time!!!
I like the example James Grime gave for this to show how this method applies in real mathematics.
i got the second one too!!!
A
Yes!!!!! I got the first one right!
I figured it out when he said the sock thing lol
without watching:
I got this right in like 2 seconds
I got them both right 😂
50% is ok right? xD
Poor use of English in the second question, when I heard it I thought draw as in sketch.  If the puzzle had said 'take 3 socks out of the drawer' I would have understood.
I failed...add me to the %
Yay! I got it right!
I got both of these right XD
I solved the first one
Second one was a lot easier
I got the second one right away, and I got the first one after the first hint "Bob is either married or unmarried"
666K views (I'm always making comments like these, and that's basically the only thing I do on YouTube other than listen to music XD)
This was easy!!!
I'm in 20%
Great explanation!
how can u determine if you have a matching pair when your eyes are closed?
I got it right 😁
Absolutely !  and I might say quite often.
I already knew the first one. The second one first seemed like a trivial "yes" but then I realized that it was never said that all the black socks and all the white socks match. From personal experience I can say that it's perfectly possible to randomly draw like a dozen black socks and still have no matching pair. So sadly, the answer given in the video is quite wrong.
Got the first one wrong. Once I knew I was wrong, I got the 2nd one right x3
I got them both right ¯\(ツ)/¯
Yay! I got both right.
Passed!
Got both right 😊
i thought you would be actually memorize the sock and draw a picture of it.
i got the second one because i thought it ment like draw a picture so i said no youre holding paper
For the sock problem, when he said to draw 3 socks, I LITTERALLY closed my eyes and drew 3 socks in the air...
Where does it say  Bob is a PERSON.     C is the answer.
I got the first one 😶😶😶😶😶
am i the onlyone who had to laugh when the first one was solved?
yes, yes I did get it right!
The second one is so easy
I got the sock one right but the married one wrong
Yes! Me and my sister got it
yea!! I got them both right!!!
Really fun questions!! :)
Yehhh i got both of them right.🙌
Taking a guess before finishing the video.
I’m a 10 year old and I managed to solve it.
Although I had the correct answer (A), I noticed afterwards some flaw in the statement of the problem.
EASY
Got second one
extremely easy, who is target audience now?
got both!!!!
I realy figer it out
yay im 20%
A!!!!
you said pair, not color. just because they're the same color doesn't mean they're a pair.
I just roll my socks up into pairs anyway so why would I need to pull out 3 individual socks?
I knew it was a
I GOT BOTH YAY!
I GOT THEM RIGHT IM SO PROUD RN
Bob could be a dog or widowed or paperless marriage
666k views
I knew it was yes
I find the video, itself, less intriguing than reading through a lot of these ridiculous comments. I think they should do a video discussing the psychoanalyses of how these viewers are responding.
I already found the solution by just looking at the thumbnail... It is always yes because it doesn't matter if Bob is married or not
no, what if you get 3 of 1 color of sock
I got both correct
Surely yes?
that was too easy :/
welp I am dead
The sock problem is flawed.  There are many more variations between socks than just color.  The other problem is much better, because a person is either married or they are not.
Got both right!
I love logic problems
this was easier than what thought I just get this really easily because I think a lot and I am smart
I say yes
The second one I chose b because it says with your eyes close draw then socks, then proceeds to ask if you are holding a pair of matches. I chose no because you weren't holding anything in the first place.
Answer: A) yes. Now determine whether Alice or Bob should get the big scarlet A
these were pretty interesting, I'm glad this wasn't just clickbait
I would like to see those so called surveys because 80% seems like quite the staggering number.
I got them!!
Actually the second question is wrong, there may be more than just black and white socks
This was really easy
Why do so many people get the first question wrong? Is it so hard to just imagine the two scenarios?
The perks of being a wallflower
I can't them both right 🤔
It took me like 2 seconds to figure it out. And I'm 8 years old...
SO EASY
Got Em right woo
1.Yes
This is easy lol
I identify as bi-marital. I am neither married nor unmarried
wow, I'm more smart than 80% of ppl in this world because at the first question I got right. ITS YES, NIGGAS
first one i did it 
What if all of them are married to a person outside the question?
this was easy af
Int the first question, it needs to specify that Bob is human. In the second question, it needs to specify that there are no socks that are a color other than black or white, and that all white socks and all black socks match. Otherwise, the answer cannot be determined in either of these questions. It's funny that the maker of this video got both of the questions wrong even though they were the one explaining them 😂
I got them all!!!
Ok I got them both right, YAY
do 80% really fail at this?
That was so easy wth
First answer is c. I don't care what the video says.
I figured it out !!!
It seems so difficult at first. But if we just break down the question or explain it briefly to ourself,we can easily get it. Thanks 😊.
2nd one right
They where easy lol
I got it right by being wrong. I assumed that Bob was unmarried for some reason and went with it... :| Yay, I dint get it wrong ^_^
I figured this out by looking at the thumbnail, this is too easy
Superposition,except their currently being observed.
80% fail... I guess you where in that 80%
Yes 
But what if you pull three white socks in a row.
OMG I GOT BOTH OF THEM RIGHT!!!!
I GOT BOTH HUUUAHHHHH
This was so easy
yes without watching
i got both right and i'm only a preteen
The first one Was Easy... i didnt understand the 2nd one
These were easy I am in fifth grade and I got both right
Yes
Yes
wtf bob is still undetermined you can't place single status or married status on him if the question doesn't state whether he is married or not. the socks one I do understand.
Yes
got both right, its simple logic
Are 80% people in the world are mad who didn't give the answer???
got both right, ez asf
The answer for the first one is No. Charlie could be gay and be married but it isn't recognized as a normal "marriage". JK, but in this day and age, it could happen.
Got them all right, lmao.
on the sock one I was like the answer is no coz if you draw them then you're holding pictures
im so slow sometimes wow i sat thru that last problem thinking it meant draw as in a picture wow
Obviously, they are looking at each other. I'm sure I can do it, too.
Who's to say you won't pull out 3 black socks?
I got the second one
Yay I got one right for once
I got both of them right ^-^
That was so easy
I don't believe 80% Fail, Really Easy... Disliked......
But what fi your status is "its complicated" 🤔
...80% fail...? 
bob bryar? have we found him?
I feel stupid now >_<
So he just assumes that bob is married and therefor he is married..? That question makes no since, lack of information makes it cannot be determined. The question states the married person is looking at bob and bob is looking at an unmarried person, the question asks if a married person is looking at an unmarried person but it doesn't give the information of whether or not bob is married.
i got the first one
It's yes, not too hard, got it looking at the thumbnail. Although admittedly I thought it was impossible to work out for a moment. 😂
the sock one was so easy!!
I resolved the marriage one but the socks one is actually C. Can not be determined, I mean, what if all 3 socks are the same color? there are 10 of each after all, so that one is really C
What if he's a Widow?!! BAM BAM BAAAMMM
NOOOOOOOO!!!!!
that was far to easy. if 80 percent missed this, I fear for humanity's future.
80% fail.
no one says there are only two types of a marriage status. you can be divorced, thats not married, nor unmarried. what if he is engaged? or his wife is dead? first correct answer is: C
well, I will never think again. ..
Hold on. By "draw", you meant "pull"? Damn it! I thought you meant putting pencil/pen to paper. -_-
What is if i take 3 right feet socks in second question?
80% chance? more like 20% chance.
1. A 2. A
This was so easy
that was easy
Easy
Easy
Easy
Easy
That was so easy I got both right
Who else answer "no" to the socks because you thought that you should literally draw 3 socks on a paper?😂😂😂
I got both right!
That was easy
That was easy
The 2nd one was super easy -____-
Why do I imagine Alice as Braixen.....
Well I feel dumb
Well I feel dumb
wow so easy
I got the second one easy
OHHHHHHH but dude, the clickbait
I got the 2nd one
andi actually tried
yes
yes
yes
This held my interest for about 20 seconds, then your monotone and retardedly slow voice earned you a dislike.
i got them right!!!
Are these for 12 yesr olds? :D
I got the sock one, only because I used to have a riddle book that had a similar problem.
easy...
easy
I dudnt watch the resylt but: Bob Must be married to allice
well i failed both haha
This looked so easy that initially I couldn't believe I had the right answer. I had.
Kinda easy, solved em
the 2nd one was simple. there's only 2 colors. you'll have a pair each time.
yes
i got it as soon as he reminded me that bob is either married or not
That was so easy how do  80% fail?
Got them straight away
I got the second one right
I got the second one right
I got the second one right
i got the 2nd 1
They were easy!
2nd was very bad
I thought a pair meant that you get the left and right side of the same color.
I'm 12 and I got these right after reading them once... literally only took 3 seconds...😅
I died on the first one, but I got the second one easily! Anyone else have that problem?
I just said A because if it's B or C then why am I being asked
I got both right lol
And yes.
I got it all right on the first go
I got them both right exempt I didn't do it in my mind like that
what a joke
People who get this right might have a future in programming/debugging
those were easy tf. "80% fail" dawg whet?
80% failed...wow....
These got me
I got them all right!
too easy
too easy
This was easy
My eyes are closed how can i see the color
I am one of that 20 percent of people who got it perfectly.
these were simple how do 80 percent fail
These questions were easy. I got them right.
I was right
I was right
These were easy
I got the first one wrong and the second one right. I felt so smart thinking I got the first one right at first lol
Got it
I must be apart of the 80%.
I GOT IT RIGHT
C'mon, this one was easy...
I got both right easily I didnt even have to recheck. I cant believe 80 percent failed. and Im only grade 7 to 8.
this was easy
KNEW IT!!! I GOT THEM RIGHT
How is this even a puzzle?
God Damn it logic
I got the first one right
could all 3 be married?
i got both right lol
tbh thats school level logic puzzles. on the level of "How many ends you have on one and a half stick"
am i the only one that got this right after 10 seconds ?
I didn't get the solution of the first and not even the question in the 2nd
Both right
Wow those r acc easy i got A for both of them , guess am in that 20% who passed 😅
Yes.
I am guessing c
I never liked doing proofs in math.
On a scale from 1-10 what's your favorite shape of the alphabet?
A) Yes
My error. I didnt' think this onw through.
What if Bob is widowed?
I got both of them right.
seems more like 800% pass rate it was easy
Kinda happy i got this right.
I got both questions right the first time,
Yes.
I got the second question, but not the first. I didn't think hard enough on that one.
Dude this is so easy
wow it was easy
I got all right! #brains
Guys please hear me out...
Those were super easy
Well I got the first one but the second one I got wrong because I was never told the person opened their eyes
By the end of this video "married" didn't even sound like a word to me anymore
Got both right
I got first answer correct. But the second answer was Option C for mem
The sock puzzle threw me off since I thought a matching pair was meaning a left and right sock of the same color.
please improve the way you talk or present your videos. your contents are interesting but the video honestly gets boring. maybe a little music would help?
Kind of scary that 80% could fail this problem...
I went for "Cannot be determined"
for the first question I'm saying can't be determined they didn't say if Bob was married or not
There is more than one person called Bob on a planet of 7 billion people.
A I think
Well that was easy...
You son of a gun
yes
I got the second one the first one I got wrong
i am correct
Well this was rly easy....
Got them both right 😄😄
I got both of them right. That was easy
whoa i got both correct
C and c
I got both of them right wth
I got the answers right the first time around.
The first question pisses me off.
the presenter of this video makes this whole thing sound much more dramatic than it really is
Wow. I'm surprised I actually got both right. I knew the sock one right away but the marriage one took slightly longer.
got it right
Yes
Alice, Bob and Charlie all names start with either A, B or C
both too easy
Ok this was way too easy
I only got the first question right
I got it
I got it
(i didn't understood the problem in the first place)
I can't believe I got the second question wrong but the first one right...
I got them easily, because I thought about the problems in the same way you presented.
ok but who the hell puts their socks away individually?
What if you picked 3 of the same colour sock
I got it right for all of them...
i got them right, but i had math before
no the first one is right it can be C
both a
for the first one all 3 could have been married.
The first one I got wrong but the second one seemed obvious to me
huh??? That was really easy
second one No Because, you have the other sock
who's brain is hurting rn
I'm part of the 20% who get the first question right. :)
These puzzles are so easy!
For the 2nd question, I thought "No" because if you were to draw 3 socks, then it wouldn't be a pair, it'd be... triplet of socks!
I was right.
got it right both right ya
Why the hell is everyone asking," What if you get 3 of the same color?" OF COURSE YOU WOULD STILL HAVE A PAIR FUCHSHHAJAKQISKCKFKKX
Woo got it
Currently at 0:27 in the video, I answer "Yes".
This is very alike to "I have two coins that equal 15 cents and one is not a nickel" just cause it says ONE can't be, doesn't mean the other can't be as well.
Yeah... that was easy
It's no too ez
How do 80% of people fail this???
Yes
I got both
I got both right but I don't know how.
Got number one right
Wait... that was supposed to be hard?
I got them right...
But can one assume Bob is a person?
I got them both right. I think it was pretty easy
I got all of them right
bystander beware: comments full of nitpicks ahead
got correctly
___The answer to the Alice question is C.  WTF are pushing?
Too easy
You can also have 3 same color socks
The socks being the same colour doesn't mean they're a matching pair
C and C
the first i fail but the second one i was correct.
Alice is looking at Bob, Bob is looking at Charlie, and so on, in a chain of unknown length, until Yngwê is looking at Zhukov. Alice is married, Zhukov is unmarried. Is a married person looking at an unmarried one?
how can you get the second one wrong...?
What if Bob is engaged
Got them right.
Got them right.
im ten and got this the answer is yes
those were easy.
I got them both right yassss
I just guessed it was A and i didnt even read the question. Still got the right answer. Get on my level noobs 😏
I have to be honest... I dident know the answer to either, I just guest at yes for both.
yupeeee... I got ans very first try...
What the hell is this? Harder ones
I got the first one wrong but I got the second one
I got it right
I got the first one but not the second one
What if Bob is dead, then what?
Omg I'm so stupid
technically you pick out 3 socks so you are actually holding a trio of socks >:{D
I got Both right  . Wooopeedoo.....
Damn...did I just waste three minutes or what?...
Its not too hard I got it just reading the thumbnail
nope I failed both questions..
I got the second one right but not the first
Im 9 and i got them both right
they were so easy
(rock paper scissors)( fire water dirt)
I got the first one wrong and the second one correct
wait what is this shit about socks
I got them right
You didn't say the socks are all the same size? Therefore cannot be determined?
That with Bob and Charlie and Alice I got wrong 
The answer is yes. I figured that out before i played the video.
both the marriage problem and the sock problem were on an AMC practice test I took in 6th grade >.>
I got them both yay.
I actually can't believe I got both right these were easy tho not that hard
There's no way that these "riddles" have an eighty percent failing rate
how people even fail this
For the second problem, what if you pick up 3 socks of the same color, it really cannot be determined
U could also just have a other sock
plot twist: Bob is widowed
I got both right
I got both right
I got both right
I got the first one wrong and the second one wrong sooo
I'm a kid and I got these right like wtf
Got the first one right got the second one wrong be picking c I thought you couldn't see if you had a matching sock because your eyes where close
This was easy.
The sock one is flawed
WOO HOO I GOT THEM BOTH RIGHT
Do not say: “I will do to him just as he has done to me.”—Prov. 24:29.
This was pretty easy, but the comments made me laugh.
I GOT THE FIRST QUESTION RIGHT!!
I haven't gotten any sleep in 2 days and I got both of the problems correct first try
I said yes to both of them thinking that might be the wrong answer and that they wanted me to say yes.
That was easy. Both of them.
The answers to the questions are obvious. Make something that will really make someone think.
I got both right... logic...
This was really easy, especially the second one, how did 80% get this wrong?
It took me a few seconds, but I eventually got the first one right.  The second one was extremely easy, but since I'm a programmer who deals with writing lots of sorting functions, it's natural to me.
Everyone knows Bob is married and Alice is giving him a stare down for looking at Charlie.
i am kinda surprised i got both right
got all right
I'm shit at riddles but both of these were easy as hell.
(Alice, Bob, and Charlie anwser) 
I got the first one wrong, and the second one right.
What if you draw 3 socks which are all in same color ^o^~(3 black or 3 white? I think there’s possibility because you have to close your eyes when you pull them out ^^
Cannot be determined on first one/only one idk
i got the first one right
Tried to think the second problem out... mind=blown
Duh
I got them both correct!!!!!
The first one I got wrong, I admit that but the secons one was so easy?
Even though the two problems are different.
I got them both right
I got them both right
Wait, wait, wait.... In the second problem, wouldn't it be possible to draw 3 socks of the same color😕
This was so ez how can 80% get it wrong
Bob could be widowed or dead. What happens then?
Easyest crap lol how blind are people
Both were too easy..cmon
I'm actually pretty surprised but pretty calm that I got both questions right , in a time of literally like 5 seconds each
sqrt(2)^sqrt(2)=x
Ez
i got the 2nd one but not the first
BRUH #1 is total bull
The only reason I failed this is because I somehow managed to misread BOTH of the questions...
I got both 2 correct.
How could anybody get these wrong?
[ Because I always have to over-complicate things and look for technicalities. :D ]
Solved both 
They all are getting married this December.
What if you pulled out two left foot socks?
How the heck do people fail these?
lol but what if bob is a sock ehh???
I got first one wrong second one right
I got first one wrong second one right
I did them both yay
YOU DON'T HAVE A PAIR IF YOU DON'T HAVE 2
2/C
I got the second one right, not the first one.
It is obvious.If a pair is drawn they can be ww  bb  wb  bw   so the third draw must match one 
After 15 minutes where I should have done homework, I think I've figured it out. The answer is yes, because if Bob is married, he's looking a Charlie, whose not married, but if Bob isn't married, Alice is looking at him who is married.
I got them both right
I got them both right
I got them both right
I got them both right
I got them both right
I got them both right
I probably am too smart for this world
A
Why can't all three be married?
c
Bob is unmarried. So Alice - married - is looking at him - an unmarried person. 
I thought a matching pair of socks meant they were different colors, so I thought the answer was C. Whoops.
this one was so easy but nice
With the second question what if you pull three of the same color?!?! Hello? How does know one think of this
question in the second one, why isn't it possible to pull all 3 as the same color if there are 10 of each ?
But socks actually have a left and right part.... ha!
the answer is yes
I got it no problem
Does a mother who births triplets also birth twins?
just pretend first bob is married, and then pretend again that he is unmarried and you get the answer
What if Bob is married to Charlie
i got all right
Only 20% got this right? And I'm 11! I have lost faith in all of humanity.
I got both the problems. too ez
80% fail? What is the world coming to?
I got the first question right
How is this 80% fail, these are so easy!
They were easy problems
A. yes
I fold all matching socks together in pairs, I would never pull out three individual socks from my drawer.
My 2 year old figured out the 1st one.
AM I A GENIUS?!
I got it... I said yes
i did both yay
I got them both right.
something you didn't tell you Bob and Alice are blind
I got the sock one right, I did it in school.
What if I pull out a green sock (
As for the first problem, what if nobody's married or everybody is?
These problems always work with assumptions.  However , on the second problem you assumed only one possibility which it was to take the socks in order. If you take the socks not in order it will not work
What if Bob was a dog. My dogs name is Bob
Y'all are taking this riddle thing way too seriously in the comments
i didn't answer yet I swear I'm only at 20 seconds. 
I got the first one wrong and the second one right.
yes because if bob is married he looks at charlieso yes and in unmarried alice looks at him
Before the answer.. Yes
The horses name was Friday.
So if you're holding 3 socks, it wouldnt be a pair tho right?
I got them both right .-. I am being honest
What if Bob doesn't accept the terms that he is either married or not? I know a few people who are both, or neither, depending on their points of view.
C, Bob may be her husband or may be no.
cannot be determined
I got 1 right but not the other
There both obvious...
Got them both right as used to do logic puzzles all the while as a kid with my Mom however the second question is one of those you could end up seeing on FaceBook with no 'correct' answer. The question specifically says "Are you holding a matching pair of socks?" to which you could also answer no as you've got 3 socks so not a pair. I wish the wording on these sorts of questions were better as unfortunately there are people out there that will put them on Facebook as a test and then make fun of people no matter what they answer.
I could see number 2 being C though because like some said it could be how each person interprets the question. Some see it as meaning both socks are exactly the same and are thinking that because it doesn't say they are exactly the same that their is a chance they aren't. That may be being a little too literal and paying real close attention to detail to try and out think the riddle.
Probably a more interesting, but still easy, question would be whether you have pulled a sock of each color.
but not the first
Half of all original comments posted here are, "But what if I pull 3 white or 3 black socks?" 
i got it right
what if you draw 3 white socs
yes
Question 2 is no because you can pull out 3 socks of the same colour
"80% will fail" Is clickbait. More like 80% won't fail. These questions are dumb, and easy.
what if bobs married to charlie
Good content but your intros could use work. something that could help would be to try an build up the ideas behind the riddles a tiny bit or something. you dont need any drastic changes or anything huge, but I promise your vids will flow much more naturally with a bit more of your creative work on the intro
Yes. Alice is married to Bob so A
I don't get it how did 80% fail this test? it's common sense
B.no
What happens if Bob is not a person? C?
On the second question I would say no because you are holding more than a pair of socks. But that is splitting hairs. I like these questions.
Cannot be determined
The second one is C because you might draw 3 right feet socks and at that time you have 0 pairs of socks. And the colors don't matter then.
I figured out the sock one.
What if Alice is looking at Bob Brown and Bob Green is looking at Charlie?
The first one i didn't get but the second 1 i got instantly, the second question walks u too the solution while the first just confuses u, so it seems more like a trick your friend would tell you, while the second is like something u would find on an exam.
Transposed to shoes, mathematically speaking, a true pair would be two left or two right ones :)
For marriage
the guy whos talking is bob. in my drawer, my socks are all mixed up. i need to on the light to find the same pair.
I got these both. easy
the problems are not the same
I got the first one wrong and the last one right
the awnser is yes
Piss easy. Anyone who got either of these wrong belongs in a mental asylum.
Is Charlie male or female?
uhm second question is wrong becouse there isnt determand wat a pair is
For the marriage i choose lets hope I pass
Question 2 assumes without stating that socks of the same colour are a matching whereas in reality you could socks with varying sizes thus making it undetermined.
I got both of them. the socks one we was really easy
thos are both so easy...
I got the 1st wrong but the 2nd right.
Figured out the third
I do like that you realize these problems are logic problems, and title then aptly. No math needed.
The first one did confuse me at first, but the sock problem was pretty easy to comprehend😊. Tysm for making these fun videos that challenge ourselves
I don't think these questions are as hard as you're making them out to be, I'm of fairly average intelligence and I figured them out no problem.
oops the socks got me
I think the second problem is easier (at least for me..) than the first one, since it's clear that we only have two colors, and there are three socks pulled out of the drawer.
I got the first one right, but the second one would have to be C (Can't be determined) 
This answer is still wrong the answer is "it doesnt matter bob is likely getting a three way."
No one could fail the second one....
I'm gonna go with B for no.
Bob could be a goat so the correct answer is C
Yes or A for both questions , since if Bob is married then Alice is looking at a married person, Bob and therefore Bob (married) is looking at an unmarried person Charlie. however ,if Bob is unmarried then Alice who is married is looking at an unmarried person Bob.  A person is either  married or unmarried. 
i say its still C.....  wht if bob is a dog
I got the first question right, but i answered no to the second question. If you draw three socks you are holding a pencil or a pen, imo hahah
I felt like the only way to miss these is to not think about them
is Bob married......
is Bob married......
.. 80% of the ppl you asked are dumb.... or children, either or.
Presh pls stop reading cheap riddle books
You are assuming that Bob is a person...
Got 1st one wrong but 2nd one right
Devious. I thought c exactly because bob was unknown; but I never considered giving him a label. Side note the socks are not a similar problem, however clever the problem is.
Bob can be married, unmarried, widowed. So answer is CBD
For drawing. To solve it, first just draw 2 socks, these 2 either have similar or different colors absolutely, the third sock MUST be a black or white one which will match one of the 2 previous socks in case they are different, but if they are similar, drawing a another sock is not necessary as the problem solved already, which the answer will be Yes.
the real answer is you're eyes are closed you have no idea if you have a pair or not because you cannot see, therefore the answer is cannot be determined
I don't get how people can fail that
Charlie and Bob could be married...
How do people get this wrong? Is it just click bait? Or do people really lack basic critical thinking skills?
but there's left and right footed socks... you could draw 3 left-footed socks.
Plot twist bob identifies as a fence post therefore he's not a person
The socks problem: why if i pull out two socks they have to be different? can i not just pull 3 black socks? 
what if Alice is married to Bob... then it would be no
Schrodinger's bob. Is he married, or not?
You are cancer
It is c
Haven't watched video
Lol I understand, but then that would put the person under the married category, leading to a married person still looking at an unmarried; but I got you. (:
These were way too easy. No way only 20% can get them right.
I got the FIRST question RIGHT,but I got the second WRONG.
2nd one can't be proven because you could get all the same color all white or all black.
This was a fun little mind trick.  When watching I thought 80 percent of people answered A for the first one and C for the second one so I thought I was being smart when I picked C, then A.  You can probably guess how I felt when I saw the solutions. ^.^'
please tell me u guys didnt get this wrong. 80% fail? i give up on humanity
Woooooow... seriously? Only 20% get these right? 
Cant you not pull out three socks of the same color..?
What if Bob is currently divorced? Then that would mean he's neither married or unmarried.
got em both right yall dumb this is just sixth grade probability
The second one seems simple on the surface but it's actually not. The socks are not a matching pair unless they came out of the same package connected together during purchase in which case you would not necessarily have a matching pair if you only through 3. End of story
The sock problem was the tricky one for me.  I thought since there were 3 drawn, it was a trick question asking if you would have ONLY a pair of socks but no more.
If Alice was looking at Charlie, then we'd know FOR SURE that a married person was looking at an unmarried person!  :-P
Anyone else get both off these right.
What if you pick up 3 white/black socks?
both of the answers are wrong
if bob is married 
I think the bigger question is Why is a married person looking at an unmarried person?
Cannot be determined (for real this time), there may be other socks in the drawer
But what if Bobs status is "its complicated" and he is currently at a state where he is neither married nor unmarried?
You could also pull 2 white socks for your left feet and a black sock :)
But is Bob wearing matching socks?
The socks one is old
What if you get three left socks???O.o
The length on the socks were not specified, therefore it cannot be determined.
What if you grab all three socks of one colour? Mathematically you have a 1/2 chance in getting either colour but in reality, those standards are not always met.
but not the last
how stupid can people actually be?
The one about the socks shouldn't even be a question cos that's just common sense
But what if you draw three black or white socks at once? Or did I miss something?
the answer to the second question for me would be yes. not because of the reasoning in the video. cos like most people I ball my socks in pairs so there would be 3 pairs in my hand. and I have large hands
Isn't there a possibility that there are more than the two types of socks in the drawer?
how did i get the socks one but not the marriage one?
how the hell do 80% of people get this wrong it was easy.
Yes because bob is always in Alice's sight and Alice married. If bob is unmarried than that satisfies it.
Q1. Yes. I initially got this one wrong but then realised my mistake before the video could finish the proof. Whoops :P
These made me feel really stupid. They weren't even that hard, man.
I got the first one but over analyzed the second. the problem says 10 white 10 black but doesn't mention brand fabric style so it's possible to have ten completely different white socks there for not technically matching.
I found a loop hole XD
What if u had three black socks??
The first only works where you recognise only 2 allowable states, namely married and unmarried. However, widows and widowers are recognized by government agencies as a separate case, neither married nor unmarried, so the correct answer is C.
Answer is yes. Cool beans
The only thing I learned from this video is Bob is a closet case and one should only buy socks of the same color so this type of thing doesn't happen.
The sock one is C because the size is never determined they could all be deferent sizes thus no pair
I feel slightly proud of myself for getting these right.
For the second problem pair means two. Therefore the answer is no. Because you are holding 3 socks
80% fail. Bullcrap. This was easy.
Unless we are told that each person looks at another person in the group, then the answer is C.  The answer is A, only if this assumption is made. It is, I note, not explicitly stated, which is why I would guess that most people correctly answer C.
I thought the sock one was yes because it says the DRAWER was holding the socks. And you drew the socks
Can You Re-visit the socks problem? Since many of us was so angry because You didn't cover if you pulled up 3 socks of the same color😡
here's one,could be messed up
Second problem should specify that there are no other colors of socks in the drawer.
I paused the video to answer the questions and answered yes to both before I even saw the solutions.  
You don't know if bob was unmarried or not. You can't place on answer on what if. If you don't have all the facts then it is undetermined.
this is the dumbest logic quiz video ever. did anyone seriously fail this?
Really - People can not figure this out.
It's C cannot be determined because Alice, Bob and Charlie could be animals.
The bigger question is why is alice (a married person) looking at another guy??!
No my answer is lets see if i get wrong answer
No.
How do people get this wrong? Sure they might not care about the question but this is a low level mind trick that can be solved in seconds.
But what if you pull all white socks?
One way or another it's yes bc if Bob is married then he looks at an unmarried person, if Bob is not married then the girl looks at an unmarried person. SIMPLE AS THATTT
Marriage one no. Sock one yes
the first one is yes and it makes sense why. the second one isn't yes. what if you get three socks of the same color?
B. No
The answer is "YES", absolutely.
First thought: 80% can't solve these problems? Surely, humanity is not that stupid!
What if you pick 3 socks of the same color
My answer to no 1 was a for in my mind i think that bobs married to alice for charlie is not and alice is yes so in the three persons bob should be married to alic for if he is not who is alice married in short i thought in the box but i got it right a
You told us to draw socks. It can not be determined if we are holding a matched pair of socks. As you know in logic problems, words matter!
does any body else think that both were so easy
Bob can be a dog.
What if Bob if dead? U can't assume he is alive. Therefore he isn't married or unmarried...BECAUSE HES DEAD
how do you know there are only 20 socks in the drawer? there is no numerical signification of purple, blue, or red socks.
the real answer is purple because aliens wear hats
I assumed the 2nd question was a no because a pair is 2, not 3 socks, and the whole thing was a trick question :P
Yes the answer is yes
How can we be sure that there are only 20 socks. What if they only tell us about 20 of the 30 socks in the drawer
But if you take a white sock and two black but both right or both left...the second could be indeterminated idn
haha who said the socks are the right size you didnt think of that one did you lol not logical.  How you know if bob is married or not or even straight to even be married he could be gay and cant be married in that state.
I picked yes for both off the bat. But not because I figured it out, it was just the crazy unexpected choice that clearly many people wouldn't pick lol
Annnnnnd I got both wrong.
this assumes that Bob is looking at something, for all we know Bob has his eyes closed or is blind or has no eyes. C is the correct answer with the given info.
what if I pull 3 white socks
In the second question, yes, I could pick out 3 matching socks, for example, a white sock and 2 black socks, but what if both those black socks were left socks, they would not be a matching pair, as you'd need a right black/white sock, and a left sock in the same colour, therefore the answer in the video is wrong
it never said they were people, Charlie could be Alice and Bob's cat...
How could anyone get these wrong.
On the second one, I choose could not be determined  because your eyes are closed lol. If you open them, then yea no matter what you will have at least one matching pair lol
if bob was married then alice wouldnt look at a married person, but if bob was'nt married then alice would be loking at a not married person
what if you pull out 3 white left socks
alice is looking at bob not at charlie
even if all three socks are the same color, YOU ARE STOLL HOLDING 3 SOCKS...not a pair.
The socks can be different sizes, you only specified color, not size
Its funny how some people are literally overthinking this stuff. I mean I'll admit I heard the answers and then had to think it over because I thought he was wrong but I'll admit he was right and I wasn't at first till I literally thought about it hard enough.
c...whoops im wrong
Nice clickbait, not even a hard problem.
I am putting this come in before you give the answer. I think the answer to question 1. is B) no. I think this because in my own mind I see it as Alice is married to Bob and Bob is flirting with Charlie. As for question 2.I think the answer is C) yes. You only have two colors of socks. So if you put 3 at least 2 of them have to be matching.
you can use math to actually solve these. 1.think of it as a conditional statement : Alice (married) implies Bob 
Alice is not looking at Charlie or vis versa
WRONG we can not determine if bob is Married or not!! take that Youtube im outtie Adios!
Stupid question. Stupid logic check question one again Dummy
if 80% fail that means that 1.5billion people get it right. which is 20%
Ha ha homophones tricked ya
Why does he make the second one so complicated?  If you're holding 3 socks with no matching pair, they'd have to all three be different colors.  But there's only two color--black and white.  So you have to have a pair.
The answer depends on whether we look on this form social or mathematical perspective. The social answer is no, the mathematical answer perhaps
I got both of them right !  80% get this logic problem wrong ..... that is wrong !
Yes, because if Bob is unmarried, then Alice is looking at an unmarried person. If Bob is married, Bob would be looking at an unmarried person. I'm so proud of myself
Erm..... What if Bob is divorced. Neither married nor Unmarried.
c! can NOT be determined. question is, is a married person looking at an unmarried person? the question is not could there be a probability.
the answer is C. Cannot be determined. Nothing in the question specifies if Bob and Charlie are Persons. Alice is looking at a married person, Bob, who is looking at their dog, Charlie.
I feel so stupid
you can not truly determine that Bob is married in the first problem. I can look at a person who looks at someone else. but that does not mean the obvious deduction is that a married person is looking at Charlie
For the 2nd problem, you have to guess that the drawer holds ONLY black and white socks, as it is not precised that it can have blue or red socks
since there are over 7 Billion People, the Chance of a married person looking at an unmarried Person is pretty damn high
wtf bob is still undetermined you can't place single status or married status on him if the question doesn't state whether he is married or not. the socks one I do understand.
What if bob is dead laying on a casket? So bob can not be marry.
But Bob's marital status is not given how can you determine ?
but what if bob is married, then it would be false
With the second one you aren't holding a pair of socks you are holding 3 socks. the color is irrelevant in this case.
"A drawer has 10 black socks and 10 white socks" "With your eyes closed, you draw 3 socks." 
I feel stupid
i got the socks one right but i still dont get the married one?
Did he just assume Bob's marital status?
Why is everyone talking about socks?
But what if bob was divorced?
I got the first question correct, but I derped on the second. I thought it meant draw as in drawing a picture. I got 'Yes' because the color of the socks drawn on the paper would be the same color as the paper (unless they were colored different colors). But either way, I guess I still got it correct since I had 'Yes'.
Q1 ans will be yes  beacause Bob may be married or may not if married then 1)yes bob is looking unmarried person
Even if you grab all 20 socks from the draw you don't have a pair, its like a teacher saying Everyone! Get into threes!  then starts to call one of the three a single and the other two a pair and keeping them together.
The second question is actually unanswerable. Now, there is a little problem: Socks come in pairs, which means that drawer has 5 pairs of black and 5 pairs of white socks. If the socks are not 100% identical, which we don't know, then even if you take 2 socks from the same color, they can be from a different pair of the 5.
Looking at the problem in a non maths way, how do you know Bob isn't married with 2 kids heading for a mental breakdown due to massive layoffs in work...
But the drawer could have some short and long black/white socks so in that case it cannot be determined if it is a pair, so the correct answer is C.
The second problem is C can not be determined. What if you grab 3 of the same color?!?!?!?
i hate these, 'write all the options down and you get the answer' problems. Dumb people answer them correctly because they need pen and paper with everything.
out of the 10 white and 10 black socks, what if all 3 you take out are white?
Of course you have a pair! There are only 2 different colors. If you have 3 socks, at least 2 are the same color.
the drawer didnt specify if there were any other color socks by saying "only black and white" so it could still be a no, right?
This is bull you don't know if bob is maried or not you can't just say that non is maried of
I was thinking that if Alice is looking at Bob, and Alice is married, then wouldn't Alice be married to Bob? And then Charlie… I don't know… Silly me
A. Whether Bob is married or not, there would be a married person looking at an unmarried person. I did think C at first, though, because I was thinking out of the box, of course, that also put me on the right track.
The sock one isn't necessarily true because some socks are specifically meant for left or right feet and therefore you could draw 2 while socks both left feet and not get any matching pairs of socks.
we have not determined whether Bob is a human or not
All i could think about on that second problem was whether or not the 10 white and 10 black socks were all the same style of sock...  What if you pull a white ankle, a black knee-high, and a white low cut?
The second problem is obvious.If a pair of socks are chosen they can be bb  ww  bw  wb  so the
Technically you could draw 3 white socks or 3 black socks making the answer no
Oh damn, those commentaries are pretty much stupid, because it's a LOGIC problem and LOGIC is theoretically, so you can't handle it like a real life problem.
What if you pull out three black socks or three white socks? It is possible
the first one is cannot be determined because what if bob is not married and looking at unmarried charlie, correct me if i missed something
Alice is married, Charlie is unmarried. Who is Bob? Well, what if Alice is married to Bob? Is a married person looking at a married person? Yes. Is a married person looking at an unmarried person? Yes.
It's yes because if bob is not married then it works. But if bob is married then the second statement works.
What if you pick out 3 black socks?
the socks don't match because it said PAIR and one is a right sock and one is also a right sock and you have right and left feet
my logic for the first one is.   Charlie is the unmarried person right? and Alice is the married person so I thought she was married to bob. Alice was looking at bob because bob was looking at Charlie. Alice must be thinking don't even think about it bob :)
I went to my sock drawer that is filled with 10 black socks and 10 white socks, pulled out three socks, and I didn't get a matching pair. The sock logic is flawed.
I frickin hate this guy
Both questions are determined really vaguely. How can we be sure, that Bob is a person -  pets can be named Bob. 
doesn't make sense you less you think of it as a social question or a sexual one idk but not enough information given to complete it like an inconsistent solution
2nd one is no, since you got 3 socks, 3 socks aint a pair
I thought it was easy but only because I knew not to go with the obvious choice. All you gotta do is think each choice thru and think if the question applies. Literally only two choices for the first one and the other one is 4 choices with 2 being mirrored (2 black 1 white or vice versa)
Do normal people not have left and right socks?
Uhh... I find it offensive that even though Bob and Charlie are a happily married couple, you homophobically say that Charlie isn't married. It's 2016!! Respect the gay community!!
Answer is yes because if bob is married he is looking at Charlie, an unmarried person. If not, then Alice, a married person is looking at bob, an unmarried person.
On the sock one, I personally think that the answer is C. It says you have 10 of each black and white. It never says only those socks are in the drawer. There could be other colors so, therefor, there can or cannot be holding a pair depending on which ones you got. So cannot be determined is what I think is right.
Actually,  for constructivists the answer to the first problem is C, the reason being that they deny 'the excluded middle' that states "either something is true or it is false" which in this case would be "either Bob is married or not". In the second problem though, everything is defined, and the answer is therefore A independent of the school of thought.
a pair is only two. there's a chance you could be holding three matching socks. my answer is still c.
Shouldn't the first one be C? Because you can't tell if Bob is married or not. Saying that he is probably married so the answer is yes isn't logic, that's an if lol
So basically. The answer cannot be determined. Bc u don't know if bob is married
What if I drawed 2 right black socks and the 3rd one would be a white one, which if it were either right or left, it wouldn't be a match. So, yeah. I go with C, cannot be determined
Ok, the second one is false because you are holding 3 socks, not a pair. 
I got the sock problem right, but not the marriage one.
No, you're not holding a matching pair of socks. You're holding 3. 3 isn't a pair
I mean, you could take the second problem quite literally and draw three socks on a sheet of paper, and then your answer would be no because you personally sketched out the articles of clothing.
if bob is married then yes it will be answer A) yes as bob will be looking at Charli that is not married, but if bob is not married  then the answer will be A) yes again as Alice will looking at unmarried bob so if bob is or not married the answer is yes in different option
But your eyes are closed and there's like a huge possibility that none of the socks are matching
What if there are more than 20 socks in the drawer? I got the first question correct and quite like puzzles like these, but the reasoning of the second question is faulty. It is completely possible that some information is being withheld, and other puzzles even use this possibility to their advantage. Their might be red socks, blue socks, green socks, etc. in the same drawer.
Also who said the socks are the same fabric. It could be different fabric  also it can be different shades of black and white. Nothing is same everything is unique even if made the same with a machine it all comes out slightly different not seen with the human eye.
Yes, these questions are not precise enough from a philosopher's point of view. Generally, in language, when we are holding three socks, we are NOT holding a "matching pair." Yes, it's true we are holding AT LEAST two socks (because we are holding three) but we normally reserve the use of the word "pair" for when we ONLY have a pair of something. If we ask someone for a "pair of socks," we are not pleased when they hand us three, even if a pair helps comprise the three. As to the married people, as has been pointed out below, the names "Bob" etc. could belong to a dog, or a ship. And if you want to deal with humans only, do we really consider priests, monks, etc. as "unmarried"? This suggests that they HAPPEN to be unmarried, when they have CHOSEN to be unmarried. It's like saying people HAPPEN NOT to be priests. It worries the point. Puzzle makers need in general to do a better job to confine answers to one - and only one - possible result.
The socks might not match
No, Alice isn't looking at Charlie.
Am I super intelligent or are those Logic Problems just super easy? Don't get why 80% of people fail at those... When you first look at them you might think that it cant be determined, but once you just think 10 seconds about it the problems are solved.
It's c for the socks one because I don't have to draw a black or white sock
I haven't seen the answer yet.
3 white socks isn't a matching PAIR...(-_-
You cannot pull 3 socks and have a pair. It doesn't matter what color they are. You pulled 3 socks.
People in this comment section trying to prove that they're right about a hypothetical question like "Actually, it's no for the first one because it never specified that they're people??????"
The socks one is easy. Just think of how you put away your socks in the drawer. I always put them in pairs. So if you grab 3 the first two are a pair. Everything is categorized in the drawer by item and pairs, for me at least.
About the sock one, what is if you draw 3 socks of the same color? Wouldnt it be false so the answer would be C. Correct me if I understood the question wrong.
if 80% of people fail this then idk man people are ridiculously stupid those were not hard questions
That is the reason why I only have black socks.
What if you pull 3 black or 3 white socks
If Bob is married, Then Alice is looking for the married person(Bob). If Bob is un-maried,the unmaried person(Bob) is looking for the unmaried person (Charlie). So the correct answer is no. Do you agree with me?
The answer is yes... No matter whether Bob is married or unmarried , there will always be one married person looking at an unmarried one..
If bob is either married or unmmaried it doesnt change the outcome if bob is married then a married bob is looking at a unmaried person charlie and if he isnt married than a married alice is looking at a unmarried bob
The socks one was easy, but the marriage one was clever.
But why would u have your eyes shut whilst getting socks? And if you keep them shut u won't know what you're holding as your eyes are shut so you may not have a matching pair 😂👍🏻
My answer to no 2 is a for in my deep thinking threre is an impossible chance of you not holding a white or black pair
what if bob is neither male or female? cant just assume their gender like that
For the 1st problem, it cannot be determined for 2 reasons:-We don't know if Bob is married or not-If we select yes, then Bob may be unmarried which is false, if we select no, then we will found that Alice is married (obvious).
I don't know about you but a matching pair means one left foot and one right foot. If you want your socks to stay snug for longer, make sure you distinguish between them or else you just stretch them out.  So the more correct answer is C.
Unless there are more than just black and white socks in the drawer
The second problem cannot be determined because you could've pulled out 3 black or white socks.
Alice is straight and Bob is gay.
For the 2nd problem,what if you draw 3 white or 3 black socks?
The answer to the second problem is wrong, you aren't holding a pair of socks. You are holding three socks, which isn't a pair.
another way you could figure out the first one would be, is Alice is married, they are looking at Bob, Bob as in Alice's husband but Bob who is married is looking at Charlie who is unmarried, so technically it would still be a married person looking at an unmarried person, correct?
C) Cannot be determined (from the information given here)..  Bob could be engaged, which means he really doesn't fit into the married or unmarried category since those are not really black and white categories.  For the sock question, that also cannot be determined.  Someone could pull / draw the 3 socks and drop 1 and then not be holding a matching pair.  No information was given about what happens after the socks are pulled / drawn, thus we cannot correctly assume they are all still being held.
The sock one: No, you are not holding a pair of socks. You're holding three, not two
What if you picked three different white socks by three different brands. Then there will be no pairs.
The sock one is C. If you pulled out a white ankle sock, sports sock and casual/normal sock, you do not have a matching pair, and it said matching pair, not matching colour.
10 black socks 10 whites socks so that means, 5 right black socks and 5 left black socks therefore 5 left white socks and 5 right left socks
I got the marriage one wrong but I think the socks one - wasn't worded correctly. 
in this the key person is Bob, if he is married the answer is yes bcs he looks at Charlie, if he is not then also the answer is yes bcs Alice looks at him. so in both cases the answer is yes!
That comparison doesnt even fit, nowhere in the discription is told that there is no bi or polygamy, so without further description it cant be defined, however if its said that only 2 person can be married with each other in the given area the awnser is obviously yes. Is that really a riddle?
Socks can be the same colour but not the same pair. Like if you grabbed one white sock that was an ankle sock and one white sock that was a knee-high sock, they'd be two totally different pairs of socks. You should have made it more clear by saying "if you grab the same colour, then they are considered to be matching".
Unmarried means divorced. UN-married, if you say I'm wrong, then look at the weird undo, you did it, then you UN-did it...
The second one, you can pull out 3 black socks or 3 white socks.
I got it right at the beginning :D 💪
This is great. I love it!
I did XD
I got the 2nd one right!😃💙
But I only put them in my draw if they're already pairs so my head was drawing out paired socks lol the others are still in the sort out basket 😂👌🏻
i got the two xD
Aaaw I failed
I'm smart
I GOT IT RIGHT :)
Got both right XD
i dit Solve oh!
Got it!
Yes!
Yes, I smrt. I very smrt.
I thought draw in the second one meant sketch or like draw on paper
I answered yes to both questions, very easy!
I solved both! I feel smart.
Before I see the answer - yes
omg I got them right my Snapchat is danielpedroza23
+Owen yo!
This whole video is made just to make you feel smarter
Yes
24
Chose C for the first and A for the second.
YASSS I GOT IT RIGHT, I'M SO PROUD BECAUSE I MOSTLY HAVE THESE PROBLEMS WRONG
I got both am I'm 9.
I GOT IT RIGHT!!!!
What about a civil partnership 🤔
bob or charlie duncan?
I got both!
well that was easy
C I'm guessing        Yes ?
too easy
this was easy
That was easy....
I got the first one right
the last one is easy
I could not solve the first one, but I solved the second one really easily
I saw the marriage thing different than some others. I saw it as Alice was married to Bob and Charlie was the unmarried child. oops.
i got both of these right
what about drawing 3 socks from the same color
1/C
i acually thought the first one said is a married person looking at another married person.
Wowoowowooowwwwwww when are 2 sock a pair? 2 different colours? Or not.
I got the second one not the first one
i got both right lols
i got it
I didn't figure out the first but I did the last 1
Second question can also be no because you draw 3 socks, so although you have 2 the same colour, you will have 3 socks and not a " pair"
I got the second right but not the first one
I got both of them right it was easy.
I got it right woot
I got it right
What if Alice is married with Bob?
I got both very easily
I solved both
i got bouth right
Am I a genious then? these literally took two seconds to figure out. They have to be the easiest "logical problems" I've ever tried to answer
I got the second one but not the first
For the second one I thought it was a trick question, because 3 does not make a pair. These questions require you to assume something and I think they should tell you that.
