“She is so damn good in this film that the Oscars will ignore her and she will not receive a nomination.” ☠️
2 friends: you wanna come watch Us?
Three things came to my mind after watching US: 
Toni Collette not being nominated for Hereditary was the last straw for the Oscars for me. They're obviously lost in their own little bubble.
IMO the standout actor/actress for me was Shahadi Wright Joseph, aka Zora. The Red version of her was creepy as hell!
Lupita fucking killed it in this movie, such an incredible actress. The range of emotions she played were amazing.
You will definately have a new perspective the second time you watch this movie.
I respect the risk and originality of Us, but it had a lot of plotholes and  then told you what the twist is. The pacing felt off. The way he includes humor though is perfect but takes the audience away from being scared.    7/10.
It was okay, definitely entertaining and well made. But, the ending “twist” was predictable.
Chris, can you please do a spoiler review on this film.
Please do a spoiler review for this film I need to hear your thoughts on the ending
Just finished watching this movie, I avoided any and all spoilers coming in to it, but man was I disappointed. Shit was straight up frustrating at times. You're out of your gord on this one, Chris.
Nobody giving Shahadi Wright Joseph props for litterally being scarier than Lupita Nyong'o as her double.
I know who cloned them! It was the 
I agree that Toni Collette deserved and Oscar (not a nomination- a best actress Oscar) for Hereditary and Lupita definitely deserves another one for Us.
This movie blew me away
That movie was wack AF. Loved Get Out. So don't really understand?
I need my movies to make at least a bit of sense. I saw Us yesterday thinking I was gonna love it. I loved the first 15-25 minutes. Then it got less scary and more thrillery and simultaneously super nonsensical. And right now I can't help but find the film just fucking bad. It was enjoyable in a popcorn thriller kindof way, but I was really disappointed with it overall. You can handwave away the flaws all you want, but suspension of disbelief is important in horror films, and the nonsensical plot killed that for me, and the tone was too funny and optimistic to be really frightening after the first hour. 
I feel like i saw a completely different movie from critics...
Jennifer Lawrence in Mother, Toni Collette in Hereditary, and now Lupita Nyong'o in Us.
It was more of a horror the first 40minw after that its random humor
Lupita’s performance literally took my breath away at some parts, it was that flawless. She really showed herself to be an outstanding leading actress.
This is literally the first time I disagree with Chris. Well it happens. IMO this is a major letdown. A lot of great details, but in general... Bad
" Us "  2019 / Rated R / 116 Mins. / My Grade  B-
Never clicked a notification so fast. I can’t wait to see what Peele did
Just wasted my time, watching the movie.
I think we can all agree that US has some flaws when you dig deep into the plot. Like how did the underground people get above all of a sudden? If the underground people are supposed to follow and do as the above ground counterparts did they follow the family from city to city because they only were staying in the cabin for a week. I could go on
I think you're trying to hard to make sense out of some convoluted mess of a script. But, hey, whatever.
Loved the movie. Thought it had some fantastic scenes however I didn't find it scary at all and that kinda disappointed me. I thought it was more funny than anything
Most horror movies fail to be great
When are you reviewing Pet Sematary?
Could someone tell me how they manufactured 300 million correctly-sized, color-matched, cotton-combed, high function (working zippers and all) red coveralls with leather half-gloves?
I just hated it... I really wanted it to be good, but there's just so many holes, bad/unlikely desicions, reactions to situations, silly comments etc etc...real shitfest, sadly:(
Dam I loved this film. My second time Thursday when I get out of work go see this
You know it's a great movie when he drops the F bomb
Aaaaaand introducing the whitest black family ever!
Dude, i totally get you "the sequence" you´re talking about would´ve been so much better if it was left in extreme ambiguity! 
Peele's next is a remake of Candyman. And then another horror film called Wendell and Wild.
Am I the only one who just ddnt appreciate how they put the jokes in the movie... I'm so shocked u enjoyed it.... like the funny stuff was funny but was so out off place like dude... the kill count thing 🤔😥💔
You are so right. Toni Collette was beyond brilliant in Hereditary that's why I know the Oscars are trash.
I hate how that run at 5:26 wasn’t in the film because i was really looking forward to it
i 100% agree. the ending sequence felt a little too on-the-nose but otherwise great story
I thought this movie was ok, but maybe my expectations were too high due to get out being amazing
Not an amazing film, but solidly good and thought provoking. I felt like i had to sit through the first 30 minutes or so and  i wasn't scared for the family so much as I was concerned.
Chris gave Get Out a B+. He gave this an A-. Definitely will watch it.
I LOVE HORROR MOVIES!!!! I haven't seen this movie yet but I adore being scared. adrenaline is going......oooohhh.....then off to bed....lights off....then you can't stop thinking about it. Acting like you're not scared (but you are). head under the blanket....gets to hot from breathing under the blanket, but you don't want to pop your head out and peek..... LOL. Fabulous!
ILL say it then.......this film is a mess...too meny question marks....unanswered points....too meny plot holes...it was like making a perfect cake, dropping it on the floor, scooping all the bits back on the plate and saying, 'oh nar its FINE, still the same cake!..just a few hairs ...oh, and a piece of..... lego......errmm.....'
You think a lot like me, this is why I trust your reviews. ✌
love this execution by the way incredible commentary, might just subscribe (: also love the get out film propped in the background
Lupita is incredible, seriously.
I effing loved it but I'm still waiting for the cops to show up .......
Thank you for this review, Chris. I’ve been kind of wanting to see this movie because I absolutely loved Get Out and Jordan Peele. I’ll definitely give this one a try.
The classism reading of the movie is the most valid, IMO.
Bravo, about the ending, I thought that too - in the case of horror never explain!!
Plot Twist:
"Get Stuckmanized" has got to be the cheesiest catchphrase ever created!
Watch FX's Legion series Chris. I guarantee that you'll fall in love with it and be driven to do a video analyzing it.
Sooooo many hilarious moments of duality. I really loved this. Solid A- for me. Beautiful. A logic vs emotionasterpiece. So much symbolism and nice jaws nods.
7/10 apart from the twist I was never really invested in it.
Hey, just want to say thank you. I seem to agree with you every time you say a movie is great, or good. Thanks man
hey I was just wondering if you are going to review "when they see us" from Netflix
3:54 - 4:11 Is the exact reason why i love Chris Stuckmann!
Not that impressed with it. Get out was good this was ok
How the heck did you give such a great review and not spoil the movie for US? Great job👌🏻
Can you do a spoilers review of Us? I'd love to hear your thoughts
Just finished watching 👌By far one of the Creepiest movie I’ve ever seen
Loved this movie. Amazing acting. l loved the Score, definitely one of my favorites
I agree about Toni Collette.  Her role in Hereditary was AWESOME!!!
Lupita Nyong'o's acting was phenomenal, especially as the "other". wow!
Thanks for the heads up. Definitely gonna watch it tonight 👌
as a movie addict, this movie was an "okay". I already predicted the ending halfway through the movie.
Thanks for this! I'm seeing it tomorrow.
Hi Chris, I just love your reviews
Thank you for throwing shade at the Academy for not recognizing Toni Collette. I'm even more excited now to see Us.
Good review as always!!
Chris sounding like a Rick and Morty character talking about his love for horror
The movie wasnt as good as get out ,, p.s the dad was always without a leg, made awful jokes and was the most useless character,, he kinda got on my nerves
Hey man, I’ve been watching your reviews for a while now, and they’ve given me a whole new way to view film. Thanks a bunch!! I was wondering, did you / would you ever do a review for The Machinist? I’m curious on your thoughts. Ps, I checked out Us, good stuff, the characters were very well done.
"Im gonna give us an A-" 
Jordan Peele has plans for three more “social thrillers” in the next decade
Great review, I will have to see this movie next, I absolutely love horror movies, thanks Chris.
That Adidas Batman Beyond shirt though 🔥
I think us was so good, really makes you think and connect the dots afterwards. Which is what Jordan does so well
I cant wait for his Twilight Zone series. He's good at creating creepy, thought provoking stories and imagery, which is what Twilight Zone is about.
If i had to describe JP movies I would say predictable and extremely overhyped.
Do you know that the daughter Zora wears a T-shirt with the word “THỎ”. It means “Rabbit” in Vietnamese
In order for the major theme to work you have be told the twist and it has to be explicit...
I think I love "Us" and "Get Out" equally, but for very different reasons. Both are brilliant.
Chris's Friends: "Hey wanna go see Us this weekend?"
I checked these out at the library .. today .. I'm watching it in the dark my house is quit . So I watching it
You are a true professional and I love your reviews!
Are there two versions of this movie, because the version I saw was unfortunately very disappointing.
the movie realy sucked man what the hell you talking about, Lupita Nyong'o was oke.
Thank you for bringing up Toni Collette because she was robbed!
Rotten tomatoes audience score: 62%
This movie would be perfect without all the plot holes
One of those movies where as soon as it's over you wanna watch it again. I legit walked out the theatre and almost bought another ticket to go back in.
This was an underwhelming film to be honest. Very overrated.
Saw it last night. Holy cow what a Mindfuck. Seeing it again on Thursday because there is a LOT to unpack but I can say it was terrifying, hilarious & entertaining as all Hell. 
I can't wait for it to go to DVD, It sounds grat and I want to actually see it instead of hearing about it
Toni Collette was the best damn actress of last year in Hereditary!!! like what the hell! No oscar or golden globe nod!!! ugh I hate to love Hollywood.
This has to be one of the most movies I have ever seen so so bad laughed at it cause so bad
You know there actually was something for you to figure out in the end. It was a big twist, and Jordan didn’t make it ambiguous
We need a spoiler review for this, Christopher
I totally agree, they should have left a number of explanations out and left us wondering
You and Jordan Peele have the same voice.
I liked the scene you talked about at the end, I think it makes us think over our own internal conflicts and about what we really are as a person
"Get out was so different".. Yeah, its the skeleton key remake.
Just realized the husband and wife are characters in Black Panther :D
I liked the movie even though I could guess the ending
wow !i know now how im gone spend my sunday evening , Get out was real good !..ah pizza and this movie this sunday... a A- brings me right up there
I absolutely loved this movie. It was so god damn amazing and it really made me think, I haven't liked a horror movie in a long time, but Jesus fucking Christ that is amazing.
I liked it even more than Get Out. So creepy, tense, ugh. So good
Why haven't you reviewed Suspiria yet?  Tilda Swinton was also snubbed at the last Oscars.
Spoilers:
I love ambiguity as well. During the exposition scene I started to feel a little disappointed, but I realized it was because everything up to that point was so great already.
please do a in-depth review of the film like you did for Signs whenever it comes out on blu-ray. Thanks :)
I don't know, man... based on the reviews, I was really excited to watch this. But it was so incredibly boring to me. Every single scene seemed to take much longer than necessary and ended up not actually contributing much to the overall story. I feel betrayed like I did with It Follows (another incredibly boring film that was heavily praised). I found myself skipping forward several seconds in almost every scene just because it took so long; and no I didn't feel it served to build tension spending 2 minutes watching someone literally just breath.
Real talk, Lupita made my skin crawl with her performance.
I finalled watch 'Us'. That movie has some really big holes. It was clever and well-directed with some great effects but overall that movie didn't make any sense.
I got scared when I watched it 😭😯😯😯!!!
I loved Get Out, but I found this movie to be a huge letdown. Found the "villains" to be underwhelming and less interesting the more we learned about them. The comedy was mediocre, the plot/characters were generic, and the ending didn't work for me.
Jordan Peele is a Producer for the upcoming Candyman Reboot
I live for horror as well (as my blindingly obvious channel name lol) i have a library of books, and im a film fanatic too. Gonna watch this, sounds similar to Christopher Golden - Dead Ringers, but from your description the afore mentioned book seems darker
Thought u were gonna mention the opening theme that sounds like ghost in the shell mixed in with some Black Panther.
Great review Chris. I felt the same I wish the origin of the strange family was supernatural instead of some weird unknown science project
I feel like I'm in the twilight zone reading comments on this movie. Again your all positive we watch the same movie?? I think what is most horrifying about this movie is people commenting that it's actually good!? I feel like this is the black panther all over again.
Candyman remake, by Jordan Peele coming out 2020
You were clearly watching a different film. Us had good cinematics and laid good ground for brilliant story but was fell short after an hour of building. 3/10
Hey Chris, you gonna review Dragged Across Concrete?
tbh, i'm dumbfounded throughout the entire thing. I didn't get the whole story at all.
Same, they kind of explained everyrhing in the end instead of letting us find out
It’s 330 am! But I dont care Stuckmann’s videos is up!!!
You're the only one I trust when i comes to reviews, I agree with you 99% of the time, so when you say something is good, i make a point to go see it. Thanks for this great review!
What's "the other lens" that Chris talks about? I've seen the movie once so feel free to tell me.
Get out was good, riiiiight, aside from that incorrect statement how was us?
Yo is that a mother fing batman beyond shirt hell yeah dude represent respect he's my favorite
I grew up with a doppleganger. Send help
Chris I agree with u 100% i told my gf this last after watching the film I wish that sense was Ambiguous
It's like I watched a different movie. It was so bad it ruined my day.
You sell out hack.
so excited to see this film tonight, the movie crept up on me and I hadn't seen the trailer for the longest time, but wow does it ever look good!!
Chris my guy, you gotta review all the Tarantino movies before Once Upon a Time in Hollywood
Logic-free script makes zero sense.
I’m gonna have to watch again. I was trying hard to figure out what Peele was really trying to say. And it started out kind of slow. I’ll check it out again
Really enjoyed this film, my mother was completely confused by the ending. I think Us deals with concepts like duality, identity, and it has some nice cultural nods to Invasion of the Body Snatchers and the Twilight Zone. The soundtrack was excellent, every actor managed to hold the screen, and everything changes once you have the perspective from the ending.
Defo watch Film Theorists video on this; deeper themes explained which I think adds a few layers on top of what Get Out does
I saw Us last week and it's one of my favourite horror films of all time
AWESOME SHIRT!
He NEEDS to keep these horror movies coming omg no one else knows how to do horror anymore he's bringing so much fresh shit into the game
The comedy in this film DID NOT WORK AT ALL! 
The Thriller shirt made me think about Mike looking back at the end Thriller video and he’s still the monster.
“Us” is not that good of a movie, everyone is hyping it so much for no reason. 
Its just nonsensical
I loved this movie!  Agree 100% about it.  I
Damm I really wanna watch it now😔
Please tell me they have the “I got 5 on it” remix in it.
I f***ing loved the twist ending
Though it was kind of predictable from the beginning, the movie was honestly a work of art. The acting, the music, the cinematography.
Finally came out on my country. Amazing film. I didn't get 100% of it but I can't wait to see it again to understand it better
I can only imagine what it was like directing 2 girls who supposedly look like each other.
Totally agreed that Lupita Nyong'o will get snubbed come Oscar nomination time...which is so unfortunate because she killed it (no pun intended)!
I disagree, I'm quite happy that one aspect of the film that you talked about was not left ambiguous , I  would much rather get a definitive answer like we got.
There is also alot of non sensical things in this film which reviewers I've watched haven't touched upon.  Prob why I don't love the horror genre.
YES I LOVE TO LISTEN TO HORROR MUSIC WHILE IM WRITTING TOO! I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST ME!!
Is it really a horror movie?i think i need to google “meaning of thriller movies” then!
Who else here is even more hyped for after this review
And when Jim Carrey took the role in Sonic the Hedgehog movie. Or at least the trailer.
That osacr comments is so damn true.
Chris please make an analysis video about this like you did with enemy, signs etc if you get time
Jordan Peele is an amazing director and writer, and this was a well made film - but it became really confusing, mixed up in the second half. Never really explained much at the end and the ‘Big Plot Twist’ left some questions that were unanswered
Is Stuckman wearing an Adidas's Batman Beyond T-shirt?? I neeeeeed!!
Just watched Us. I dont knowing my expectations were too high but I left the theater disappointed. Credit where it's due, visuals, acting, score are all top notch. But the script and the ideas for the basis of the film were all flawed. I figured out the twist half way through and became a little  bored by the ending, purely because of how illogical the explanation for everything was. The film was entertaining. But nowhere near as fleshed out as Get Out. Curious to know what Chris thought after his second viewing, cos a film like this can crumble under it's own weight once the surprise is spent.
Can you do a movie review on Pee Mak? It’s a Thai folklore move
This movie was awesome especially all the hidden pieces!!
2 friends: you wanna come watch Us?
Please make a video on what you think are the most horrifying movies of all-time!! PLEASE
wow, 5:23, that was the first thing that crossed my mind when the movie ended
just saw it last night, awesome
You like me brother I wish some I maybe in one of those movies
What's your take on the son being switched the summer before?
I’m actually really excited to see this film. I think the actor that played M’Baku/Man-Ape in Black Panther is just amazing.
Very predictable, full of plot holes. Good acting but I expected much more from Jordan
Great review as always Chris.
A-? Predicted C or C+ from Chris, but meh...
More of a twright zone episode .music great. Ending eh  3.5 of 5.
I knew the Toni Colette bomb was about to drop 😂
Now that I've seen it...it sucked 😂
Hey Chris , nice vid , I saw US and reviewed it as well, it’s hard to actually review Us without giving away too much , what you went through is pretty much all you can say I reckon . I think the reviews for Us are split 50/50. Hard to compare it to Get Out though, you could say that Get Out was easier to follow that could be a reason why people aren’t enjoying Us. Nice vid mate! 👍🏻
Saw the movie yesterday, I wasn’t a fan. It felt like it didn’t have a plot and the characters behaved in ways that were frustrating given the situation they were in. Lupita was great though. Maybe I should watch it again to find a deeper meaning, but I was bored for most of it.
I'm trying to figure out y ppl dont like this movie? It was really good!
Also appreciated the Toni Collette oscar snub. Still pissed about that
When will your spolier review be realeased?
This movie in my eyes was a disaster, and incomprehensible, nonsencical, artsy compostpile.
If I would pitch same story first time to producer, my ass been kicked like anything that moment! There is no sense in plot man?
Hi I am amazed by the way you review movies and I love movies and want to take it more seriously understand what film is and I was wondering if you have any books or videos you learned about film
Haven’t seen a movie in an actual cinema for more than a year now! BUT THIS? I cant pass!
We need your deep dive!
Gonna watch it tonight. Thanks for your input.
For me it was pretty ehhhhhhhhh. There’s certainly a lot to love about it. Lupita was fantatic. The film was well shot and edited and the references were well placed. But after the doppelgänger family begins to attack the family members, it becomes a pretty average horror flick. Not to mention the pretty big plot holes that emerge towards the end that really hinder the overall impact. I agree there should have been more ambiguity, especially in regard to the origin of the doubles because what was given came off as rather silly and convoluted. This film had so much potential to be truly great and yet the film ended up being rather bland in the end...even with that unnecessary twist.
I wish I had a good first viewing of the movie. I loved it but the theatre was filled with assholes that laughed and spoke through the important quiet scenes. There was also some dude next to my sister who had the phone out for half the movie who then, while we were leaving the theatre had the audacity to say, "I didn't like it, I didn't understand half of what was going on." 
Chris that shirt is LEGENDARY BRO!!! I need to get me one ASAP! Batman Beyond is by far my favorite batman (animated) series, and that's a lot to say; being that Batman the Animated series was absolutely incredible, as well! Fantastic review brother. Excited to see this one with the Wife soon! I had a STRONG feeling that it would be another incredible one, from Mr. Peele. God bless brother.
Chris, thank you for showing horror as your favorite genre. If I hear you want every horror stuff to know I want to comments you to try the game called SOMA. Some reviewer told the world need more this kind of games. And I'm thinking long time ago you have the experience about that and trying to share. I like every review you made. And I am appreciate you took some times with video games. And I'm sure that you step in time into this game.
Sadly disagree Chris 😥😭 This was a far cry from Get Out.
If u have a brain and u watched the movie on ur second time I hope u saw all the signs that led up to everything face movements and all
Watched after recommendation aaaaand noooooo, not that good!!!  Lots and lots of plot holes! "C"
Chris grew up with Us and his family's doppelgangers. Also, I love, absolutely love, that Batman Beyond shirt.
At first I thought you were d riding but you did a good review
I think your referring to the ending when you say you wanted something to be more ambiguous like the "Is Dekerd a replicant?"
Did he say "Horror" or "Whore?"
The ambiguity is ALL in the son. As soon as you hear the theory you will never stop wondering.
2 Thumbs up for landing the Perfect, “NOICE”. 😅😅😅😂
Remember how in the movie it played f the police. F the police coming straight from the “underground” the underground is where the tethered come from. My cousin and I thought of this.
This is the review that made me unsub. Bye Chris
Lapita nyong'o was the standout in this movie. I enjoyed all of the performances but hers sticks out as the best. Jordan Peeles writing and directing 
Really wanted to love this film, but I just didn't. It was interesting and creepy  at times, but it just didn't stay with me the way Get Out did. I would go as far as to say I got bored.
Watched it last night. The first part was good, especially when the clone family is standing outside their house, but then it started going all over the place. This movie has way too many plot holes
Just got done watching both the movies for the second time those movies we're freaking horrible to be honest I don't see how you think they're good
I thought US was more like a home invasion thriller
Just saw this movie. Knew nothing about it before seeing it. It was hilarious, was it meant to be a comedy? 😂 not scary, poor dialogue throughout, fun but plays on the twist at the end too much. All round meh. 
It's funny because I was bored to death when I was watching it
Since you like ambiguity a lot, I'm curious to know if you've read works done by Junji Ito. He is a horror writer and his work often revolves around it and also the impact of a page turn.
To me this movie was just "meh" I hated that I saw the twist coming from the moment the movie started and that was really a bummer for me.
Do I need to watch Get Out first then..?
Us made me laugh more than a comedy
Hey Chris, here’s a horror for you:
Is there a review on Pet Semetery?
luniz 5 on it with the us Pas de deux echo is bomb
Keep doing horror movies please. Peele. I want to be able to enjoy good horror films again. Like back in the day.
That Gotdamn escalator
Cant wait for that Candyman remake!
Love what the movie is about and definitely had some new ideas of directing that I loved, and enjoyed some of the creepy parts, but I have some problems with this movie that I didn’t have with Get Out. I’ve been watching lots of explanation videos but can’t figure these out. If anyone has any answers for me, I would appreciate it! The movie works as a metaphor but it lacks some explanations for what we are actually seeing. 
I'm about to see Us in a couple hours and the first thing I did was check what Chris had to say about it. I'm definitely more excited now.
Damn, now that Chris mentioned it, I do think It would've been better if they let 'that part' of the story remain ambiguous...
Im really disapppinted with your review of this movie. Are you just jumping the hype train when the movie is popular?
4am..I've been stuckmannized....now I can go to bed! Can't wait to see this and your horror approval means a lot to me!
There are some real disturbing moments but at the end I felt A) The Movie was Predictable and B) Not as good as Get Out..the acting was very good and overall I give this a 6/10..its just OK.
wow. You are usually my go to for movie reviews, but I gotta say, you got this sooo wrong. A-? F for me, sorry, this was absolutely unbelievable crap. Had so much potential but the explanation for the whole movie is just total garbage
Low key still in shock that Lupita played two characters... They seemed so vastly different and complex. Literally the best acting this year has seen so far!
Do a spoiler review for this film
Get Out: Horror without any supernatural beings.
can you do a spoiler review!
Are you gonna do a spoiler review?!
Love that batman beyond t-shirt
You always have the best shirts
Can you do a spoilers review of Us? I'd love to hear your thoughts
1:32 Oooookkaaaaaaaayyyy.....
I feel like the comedy was good at first but as it got scary i found it broke immersion and i wish they had allowed the tension to rise even more
This movie was "ok" I would not call this a great horror movie. It does not even break my top "50"  for greatest horror movies of all time.
Where'd you get that awesome Batman beyond shirt?
Well, I won't be seeing it. Hereditary was my first and last horror movie. Not because I think they're bad, but because I can't take them. That movie got under my skin and I just end up freaking myself out thinking about it. And no I don't count Aliens and the first Predator as horror movies, I count them as monster movies, which for the most part I'm ok with.
Will you be doing a spoiler talk video for this movie Chris?  I would love to hear your thoughts on some of the deeper meanings and hidden messages in the film
Just watched and I’ve gotta say the film is extremely overhyped. It had some good acting but the plot was a mess.
I'm still waiting for you to review Suspiria, having said that, this movie was bunkers, I had to wait a month and a half for it to be released in Mexico, but it was worth it. Thank god I was able to avoid spoilers.
My film of the year so far
That's a nice Ash figure behind you there man. A man of culture I see
He's black so everything that he does must be praised because actually critiquing something that a black person does is obviously "racist".
I know exactly what you’re talking about and I agree they should’ve left that part out and made us figure it out ourselves
A movie that made me cuss and scream a lot. One of the best horror movie I ever watched. Also to think that the comedy actor Jordan Peele can create a good horror movie. Awesome!
I agree Toni Collette was the best performance of 2018. Just cannot believe she didnt get nominated 😩
I hated this movie, it just made no sense and was far too over the top 🙄
Us was more entertaining throughout the entire movie Get Out kind of
Nope. Don’t think I’ll be seeing any more movies from Mr. “I won’t hire white people”.
Is he joking? He's gotta be joking or got paid to say all this. Movie was devastatingly dull.
Tell me Im not the only one who noticed the movie "The Right Stuff" easter egg in both Us and Captain Marvel???
Thought this film was one step away from a dark comedy. It reminded me of the league of gentlemen tv series but not in a good way. No horror or suspense at all. It just seemed silly to me. I burst out laughing a couple of times at parts I wasn’t suppose to. I’m happy if other people liked it but it really wasn’t for me and I can’t see what all the hype is about
I loved this movie so much until they went too far with the origin of the body doubles. They sort of went back to the roots of the idea of a 'doppelganger' as an inherently terrifying circumstance and a source of existential horror ("if they're me, who am I?") that it seems like most horror movies merrily breeze past in pursuit of including more cheap jump scares.
This film was extremely pretentious though...
I just watched it for lupita 😂.
This is exactly what my personal review of the film was. I became so engrossed in the movie that halfway through I was dying to know more about the backstory of the shadow people. Then once I got what I asking for, I wish they had told me about 50% less.
That element you were disappointed in was there. It was with the son. He is the burning question, not his mother. Bump it up to an "A"
You seem happier lately, your sense of humour is showing more. 😄😄
Please....I call....... you were paid to say that!
OH MY GOD HE LOOKS LIKE JOSH GATES!
NOOICE review
One time, at summer band camp, Jason Voorhees stuck a red hot flute-shaped fire poker in my--
just saw it. it is pretty good and performatic
Chris stuckman grew up watching Us
The horror movie was “funny”? That made sense
Honestly thought it was one of the worst films I've seen in a while...
Dude! Chris where do u get your T-shirts share the wealth man lol
Huh! Might actually see this, not a big fan of horror but I really like the concept of doppelganger stories. Glad it's good!
Where did they get the red jumpers? Who fed the bunnies when the original people who ran the place left?  Who kept the electricity and water running?  =P
just watched it - one of the worst movies i've seen in a while - made zero sense
5/10 movie, so dissapointing as i am dissapointed in your review. They made so much hype out of it but the movie wasn't good as i hope it to be. Don't get me wrong i also love horror genre movies but this one didn't make the cut.
Right after watching Us I was just left confused thinking it was a movie with a cheap twist. Upon thinking about it more I realized it was super well made and well written and that the twist actually worked out really well, even though there are some confusing things that come along with it.
I prefer a complete story from most movies, I sometimes think ambiguity is a cheat so that the director doesn't have to make a decision about a controversial ending.
I thought it was WHACK
I know exactly the scene you say you wish was more ambiguous and I agree with you. Lupita Nyong'o and Toni Collette's performances were astounding.
I like a lot of you videos what did they pay you?🤨😆
I was feeling confused about watching this movie. I just didn't get it. I wasted my money.
It was insanely good.
Plz do a spoiler talk review
Who else noticed the C.H.U.D. easter egg at the very beginning ? I totally called where the film's ending would take place based on that.
"What are you people?" "We're Americans.."
I think they could have not give out everything in the very ending? like leave us with that bit of a doubt :) for me it was obvious that it happened.
How about a Martyrs review?
The movie was abstract and open enough. I don’t think it needs to be anymore ambiguous.
@Chris Stuckmann , I was wondering, now that we are way past spoiler territory, what was the aspect that you wanted to remain ambiguous in the film? Was it the Tethered explaining that they were a failed government experiment?  I was just curious. If you have the time, I would love to hear your thoughts.
This film started out powerful but the second act became more confusing and then the ending really have me in total doubt
What is the age limit to watch this film I want to watch this but is it too scary will this give you nightmares 😐
The movie also references the classic Carnival of Souls. Look into it.
With Peele admitting to be neg-White leads, I would like to see what he can do with the DC/Milestone comics as movies.
The plot hole just bothered me too much
Eh.. While I watched Us I was abled to predict that the family had clones when there was a family outside their door .. I also had a feeling the two girls were switched. This movie wasn't scary and I wasn't crazy about it. I wanted to see a scary movie. The ending too should have been better.
Great review man as always!!! I am glade it is good and I had a feeling it would be.
I feel like Jordan Peele is making the movies that we THOUGHT M. Night Shyamalan would be making after Sixth Sense when we were calling him the next Spielberg...
I loved the first half of the film but the second half is where it falls flat and the movie was predictable. Definitely not a horror movie and too many plot holes. Lupita acting was phenomenal but the rest of the family  not so much.
I'd love to see a sequel to it explaining exactly how the tethers were created
Damn right ! You are just on fire man. As always I  agree with you
I liked the directing and there were good horror moments, but the whole “tethered” idea just didn’t work for me, it made no real sense and honestly looked pretty silly when they were showing them in flashbacks, plus there were a lot of plot inconsistencies and dumb decisions made by characters, wasn’t terrible just not great like critics have said
That shirt is hard bro
Ambiguity can work if it's effective enough. Decades later fans were still debating on whether or not Deckard was still a replicant or not in Blade Runner. Mystery can be a powerful thing.
The ending was predictable, the plot was confusing at times, and the parts that were supposed to make you jump were not scary.
Great movie. Loved how balanced the humour was compared to the horror. The ending kinda let me down though.
If you love invasion of the body snatchers movies then you will love this one
Was very disappointed. Good performances tho
I'm hoping this is not "left for interpretation". I don't care for the "it was all a dream" aspect of films.
I agree with your views on ambiguity.
I watched it twice just to give it a fair shake because I really wanted to like it, but it just felt flat to me. No way is this a A- movie. C+ at best.
I never go see a movie or stream a movie without your review...will go today
At least someone is still making good horror movies
The writing was TRASH!
Kenyans in the house!!! Kenya has a lot of potential! There should be a somethingWood from Kenya.
This movie is in the same league as Birds and The Exorcist
Please do a spoiler review pleaasssee
I just cant wrap my head around the rules of the "shadow" folks ... they need to do the same as we do involuntarily .. so how the hell could they plan a whole american domination? What are the rules of the shadowing? and who the hell bought all those golden scissors / gloves, man ???? who raised and fed those rabbits ???? why is it so damm clean down there with all the loose rabbits ?? not even one pepple of poop ????? please with this holes I cant enjoy the movie I wanted to ... sorry!
Who has not watched "Get out" but wants to watch "Us"
And here I am now...sitting here with the best buy exclusive Steelbook
Loved it but it had too many plot holes
Chris : It begs you to ask important questions
The plot looks a lot like the movie The Broken with the actress who plays Cersei, but not as good.
The movie was entertaining and Lupita Nyongo’s performance was good as were the performances of the co-stars. But, the film wasn’t really scary.
Usually I agree with you Chris but this one, man I'd give it like a D. The performances of the main 4 were good but that's about it.
Next great comedy to horror director?.....carrot top!!!
What if this connects to his twilight zone series that he’s making
If you didn't understand the plot the first watching, just keep watching and and you'll understand.
Thought it was saved massively by the ending. The plot itself is very forgetful. That said, Lupitas acting was great. The score was really really good and unique. But it pales in comparison as a whole to Get Out
IMO, Peele is slowly becoming the embodiment of the old cliche: good artists borrow, great artists steal.
I was completely underwhelmed by this movie. And the "twist" ending was not plausible.
This movie was alright. It has been hyped up. I know I’m in the minority, but I feel like people are just saying it’s good because other movie critic websites say it’s good.
2019, for me, has been an extremely lousy year for movies. Glass didn't make any sense, Pet Sematary was the most embarrassing Steven King Adaptation I have ever seen, and Avengers Endgame IMO is just plain overrated. Even though have seen a fair share of shit come out this year, Jordan Peele's Us gave me break and entertained me in the best ways possible. Lupita Nyong'o does an excellent job in this film, and the rest of the cast are really enjoyable to watch on screen.  And of course, the Oscars will ignore her because that's their job, to ignore great performances.
This movie was filmed in my hometown in Santa Cruz, California.
Great freaking movie I love it. It was really funny but not creepy so much but it was still more creepy than Get out. But it wasn’t as good as Get out but I mean Get out is also one of my favourite movies of all time
I have just watched this movie, i liked it, but im actually thinking now if jordan peele really thought of this movie himself, coz i have watched a Filipino movie about a decade ago and theres so many similarities. 
5:00 "Dont be sorry...Be better"
Lord... That move sux!
Make a spoiler review
Going today!! Woop
Loved Get Out, couldn't force myself to watch this trash to the end, that's how bored and indifferent i was.
don't forget that 98% of the people in the comments saying this movie was good are the same people who LOVED Tyler Perry films and thought they were absolutely hilarious
Please please please watch this spanish film on Netflix called Mirage. I know you love intelligent and thought provoking Science fiction. This will blow your mind. If you do watch it please review it too. This one is a hidden gem!
Easily one of the most bizarre movies I've ever seen.  Walking out of the cinema I honestly didn't know what to think, I didn't know if I liked it or not. I think that speaks volumes for what kind of movie it actually is. The performances were STELLAR, the soundtrack and subtle sounds were truly creepy yet beautiful. Extremely weird movie, I'm still processing it all. I very much enjoyed the journey it took me on, it was a mind FUCK thats for sure.
I need some help in ending a discussion. For the people who have viewed the movie...would you say this movie is more on the horror side of things or the suspenseful side of things.
Speaking of Truman Show, thumbs up if you’d love to see Chris share his thoughts on that incredible film!
First time I highly disagree with you, Chris. I was expecting a lot more after Get Out but this was just a nonsensical bloodfest. I liked the infiltrated humor and the long scene where the doppelgangers first appear by the house; the rest I couldn't care. Most disappointing film of the year alongside Midsommar.
There's ambiguity with the son possibly being a tether
have u seen suspiria??
There ..was a shadow...🤮god that was bad. 🤪
This movie is based on the Twilight Zone episode called Mirror Image. 
You look a bit like a young Jason Issacs
After 2 straight hits, Director Jordan Peele wants his next movie to be a live-action Gargoyles (from the 90's animation show)....
I got 5 on it is 100% about drugs... just sayin
Easily in my  top 5 worst movies ever!
One of the rare times I disagree with mister Stuckmannize. I found 'Us' to be dull. Yes, I noticed all the references, etc. Seen horror film from all over the globe. But this was just a mess and "random." This was no 'Get Out' / not that it had to be. I didn't spoil myself before watching 'Us' (and when I do I still find myself being able to use my imagination). But even with no spoiling, I could not get into 'Us'
Im obsessed with the movie
The concept of the tunnels messed with me do bad O.o
Please do a spoiler review
I hope James of AVGN makes a movie before you man.
3:58 
My favorite horror movie ever. Ik a lot of people disliked it but i thought it was great
I felt like the comedy was good, however, I also think that there was too much comedy in it. I felt like all of the physical trauma that the tethered and the main cast goes through was very comedic and it took the tension away whenever a character died or was hurt.
The movie was about the struggle between priviledge and poverty/the disadvantaged.
I found it dull,plodding and cliched. And I loved Get Out. I very much fear Jordan Peele is developing M. Night Shyamalan syndrome. Basically becoming a one trick pony with increasingly formulaic movies.
I've loved Toni Collette way back to the Sixth Sense. If Lupita is as good she won't receive an Oscar either.
Dude I love that movie Jordan Peele was good at this movie get out uyy but us I love it  my vaorite kill from the movie is pulto that's the son if you know and I just love I got 5 on it.
One question that popped in my mind near the end of the movie was, where the hell was the National Guard??? We got a bunch of crazies murdering people in public and no police or swat or anyone was called to subdue them? This movie was kinda disappointing honestly.
5:28 I disagree. The movie only tells you one plot twist. There is an even crazier plot twist going on in the movie and it does not tell you about it.
The movie was good rnough to not have a plot twist.
Man, I hope Peele doesn't go Shyamalan and make several duds after these. Looking forward to his long, creepy career.
I saw it it wasnt that good.
I'm a big fan of this film. He tries something different a truely great horror film.
What exactly was this about? I didn't quiet fully understand 😕 Was it about Human cloning???
I just watched this movie on my phone...what a stupid movie this was...the ending was so dumb and the twist in it was stupid as hell...the others that were underneath were like zombies   so Idk how this replica of herself was just normal and walking around like nothing happened havijg kids and a childhood...not sure why the review is even so good...stupid movie
Me: Im going to see Us
A guy with a pleasing personality
Umm it's nooice ..
Reminded me a LOT of Carnivalesque (carnival visit to hall of mirrors where the son goes in, gets trapped in mirror world to be replaced by 'mirror' son that goes off to live with parents as real son (trapped in mirror world) tries to...  
Does anyone know what Red was mumbling to Adelaide after she slapped her, threw her in the desk and stabbed her in the final fight?
Love that Chris’s energy is back!! Yes. 
Lupita Nyongo is amazing and I loved Get Out but this movie was actually subpar. The movie was terribly written, the comedic element was awful and throwing the "5 on it" song by the luniz orchestra in the final scene was cringing. I was suprised seeing Tim Heidecker in this though.
amen to the horror movie love
this film deserves to be stored in a box and lost in a warehouse.
I don't know why but i didn't really like this film. It wasn't scary for me and the story didn't really stand out to me. Maybe i feel like if i watched it in the theater I would have been more drawn into the story
Movie wasn’t that good I thought
the movies started good and ended badly
PHENOMENAL MOVIE & REVIEW
The one thing about Peele’s movies that brings them to The Oscar - they’re not horror films. They pretend to be. But they’re not. I think Peele created his own genre. He’s genius! 
Chris, my guy you gotta watch and rate the new netflix show: Love, death and robots
just saw this film Get Out was a 7/10 for me, sadly no replayability. Us had me invested in the beginning, I was eager to find out what happened to the little girl. Copies were introduced and I was ehhh ok I guess? let's continue. Another 10-15 minutes I was bored out of my eyes. This film literally went from 100 to 0 after the copies were revealed. A painful sit through of the family's one on one ordeal with each other, what the fuck was I watching? A bad Zombieland? No sense of dread, atmosphere, heck even the kids weren't scared after a while. Go rewatch the intro and tell me that's the same movie, I dare you. A complete. change. of. tone. NOT ONE scene, moment or line of dialogue came close to even winning me back slightly. Props to the ending though because you had me gobsmacked. My mouth was literally open for the entire final sequence, that's not a compliment, I was gobsmacked at how the movie just catapulted its already dogshit state and splattered it all over a wall & called it art.
This movie like so many other horro  movies the last ten years has a strong interesting fun and smart beginning and just becomes stupider and stupider with bad writing and plot holes and a random ending to just end the movie finally. The main actress in my opinion truly ruined the movie when she played her shadow character it just was so, so bad. If she never spoke and just looked crazy it would be better, im sorry this was really, really dumb. The humor moments were good, i guess, but occurred at times you wanted to be scared.
Lots of holes in the plot
I loved Get Out, but to me this feeling lacked content and meaning, the humour was out of place, and the twists didnt land for me. Didn't like it at all. Lead actress was great tho,
My most anticipated film of the year! So happy to hear this positive review, would love a spoiler review :)
This movie was just unentertaining imo
So, no one is going to mention how Elisabeth Moss starred in The One I Love w/ Mark Duplass?!?!? The characters realize they have doppelgängers (don’t want to spoil it). I wonder if Peele was inspired by it. The fact that Moss is in it, makes me think he may have been paying homage to it.
I'm surprised everyone loves this movie. In my opinion it wasn't great. Definitely entertaining at times and enjoyed the acting but I don't think it made much sense. Also I feel like I was laughing way more than I should have. It didn't feel like good horror to me. Just my opinion. I really enjoyed get out though.
this one doesn't even come close to GET OUT
Jordan Peele is well on his way to become one of the greatest horror movie directors of all time!
Saw the movie, it was AWESOME (A- is still underrated imo :P). I still find that movie academies, industries and productors all over the world are dumb to not consider giving awards to 'genre movies' actors, directors and so on besides a few specialized movie festivals. Comedy, history, documentaries, dramas and action movies  are genres too and always get high praise in the Oscars, Césars and so on ...so, why, regarding that horror is also a movie genre, the so-called academicians won't give them awards still astound me.
To all the people who disliked the film purely on realism, plot holes and suspension of disbelief.
What was funny about Get Out???
Chris can I get your Nintendo 64 in the back ?
That Batman beyond shirt is the real mvp of the review 🙌
It's laughable, how many critics are trying to assert deeper meaning in the script that just isn't there.
NOICE!!!
Watched it again last night as I purchased the movie on Sky Store .  Noticed more this time (knowing what I now know).  Adelaide was hyper tense from the mention of Santa Cruz Beach onward .
Is that shirt by Adidas ?
So great that Chris doesn't pad review runtime with filler footage from the movie. Plus he only explains the absolute minimum so as to avoid spoilers. Thx for that!
People need to make good horror
I wanted to watch this video but I think I'll watch the movie first and come back. I've only seen the first trailer and have avoided other trailers and spoilers so I can have an original response without knowing anything about the plot. Cant wait to watch it 😬😬🤯😄
This was so bad i had to comment online about it
I am very surprised, though shouldn't be, at how many people didn't see the "twist" coming and thought it was a good film. How did people become so dumb?
Working night shift is not fun.
This movie WTF did I just watch lol
NOICE!!!
Get out was so much better than this.
Did I expect too much..? From non-American’s view (I dont really know about the holding hands campaign), This movie is so unorganized, and It doesnt explain kindly about key factors. Great sound design and lighting tho.
Really looking forward to seeing this Thursday.   Also really excited for "Midsommar"
I felt this movie wasn't that good at all, makes me question this guys  reviews.
I loved this movie.
i want that t shirt
Is this "get out" review? Does he want to get on his knees in front of the director confessionals?? I JUST WANT A REVIEW OF THIS MOVIE NOT SOME ROGER &EBERT       MOVIE "GENRE" DISCUSSION
I loved Get Out! Can't wait to see this one! 😊
I wanna see a horror movie with Toni Collette and Lupita Nyong'o in a horror movie together.
Analyzed movies? Please
Please review  LOVE DEATH + ROBOTS
Calm down sjw
There's no way I'm not seeing this this weekend. 👍
Aight just ignore all the plot holes then
I AGREE, WHORE MOVIES ARE AWESOME!!
Sorry Dude 🤷🏻‍♂️ This movie wasn’t very good
They gave me wayyyy too much hints about the two girls were switched and I didn't notice.
Dude, where do you get your shirts?
Great review!  I just rented this to watch again and was rewatching the reviews...
Do a spoiler reviews please
just watch the movie. did i like the story? i felt it was done before. Did i enjoy it? it was okay. Would i recommended watching it? Prolly not.
Good movie from Gswift The Transformer
So glad you’re trending! Congrats, im proud that you got here.
Great video stuck
I would have liked them to be like, they think like us, so we should approach a situation asking ourselves what we would do, and then do the opposite. However, your doubles might think of this strategy as well, and counter it. Still, I'm surprised that didn't come up.
Idk saw it tonight and in all honesty it was pretty disappointing imo. Everyone in the theatre thought so as well lol. Reviews had me interested in wanting to see it. But after watching it i feel the reviews were a bit overatted. Acting was great, but the movie was overall dissapointing but thats just my opinion.
um can we also aknowledge Elizabeth Moss?? her scene when shes crying then laughs still give goosebumps
The Stuckmann stamp of approval, yes! I cannot WAIT to see this. P.S. Whenever I see Lupita Nyong'o do that thing at 4:47 in the trailers, I get chills...Awesome.
Granny Ninja channel 8 SAVVY....Tom Cruise s NOSE change.. last movie nose job... the New movie it's BACK???????
I enjoyed this movie, but it's one of the most stupid films I've seen. 
Amazing movie! Watched it twice and the people at my theater loved it as well... Everyone kept talking about Lupita's talented acting and I have to agree, she left us mesmerized lol.
I liked it, it's good. But for me, it's really not that scary
Us, Avengers: Endgame & Godzilla:  King of the Monsters...my most anticipated movies the year.
Chris's Mind: Hey, Chris, so people are gonna think you're full of shit if you talk about Get Out and Us without mentioning whether you even have any black friends. You know that's a thing right? 
Pure fantasy and unrealistic leaving you with many questions. Acting was good but I hated it. I found myself asking how and why so many times.
Very well directed film, average story, great acting.
Sort of SPOILERy
A horror movie directed by Chris... one day hopefully....hell yeah!!’
Worst horror movie I’ve seen in recent times
It's actually insane the amount of reviewers that like this trash movie. Seems more like a scared political position.
You love this but thought Pet Sematary was average? Any anxiety or fear this movie gave me were completely diminished by the random comedy aspects which ruined the vibes for me. 
I would give Us -  B-  FOR NOW
I love how he puts the movie version of Get Out on top of the SNES instead of the shelf
After my friend and I watched this movie, we walked to a 24/7 Mexican restaurant right by the theater and talked about it for 3 hours. A couple even stopped us since we "appeared to know what we are talking about." xD It was great, though, and I want to see it again, and will definitely be buying it as soon as it comes out. I definitely, 100% agree with how the film can be read in multiple ways. My friend and I saw it on a very religious angle, as an allegory to the soul, whereas one of my professors and a student in my class saw it as about class. Jordan Peele is making some great horror films and I cannot wait to see what else he does. With films like Get Out, Us, Hereditary (thank you, Stuckmann, for reviewing it! You are the reason I even heard about it and subsequently went to see it in the theaters; Hereditary is one of my all-time favorites and chills me to the bone!), and the Babadook, and the show The Haunting of Hill House, I think despite all odds, horror is making a come-back and going through a new sort of "golden era"... maybe. Only time will tell, of course. Yeah, there are still plenty of bullshit, jump-scary movies, but I feel like we are increasingly seeing more excellent horror movies, especially psychological sub-genres, which are my favorite. I am simply giddy about it and cannot wait to have my scary bone titillated . xD
the plot was so confusing for the fact they left so many things out and mainly focused on the message for the film and left so many details out, even if ur a genius u wont be able to have an answer to all ur questions
Too many plot holes!
i honestly didnt like the movie
After get out, this is just perfect.
I strongly disagree with you
They gotta be paying this guy. This movie sucked str8 up
I'm sorry, the third act was stupid.
Great film, really enjoyed it, but there was a lot that was unexplained and I feel it needs explaining. Where did they come from in the first place? They made out like they were clones but when did it all start, and why did they all exist in the same place and do the same things, marry the same people, have the same kids etc.? And also, how many of the others were there, because it showed a hell of a lot more than there were under the beach, and if there were so many how did one person orchestrate such a carefully planned out attack? and how did no one ever find them? They were literally living down some escalators for however many years and no one found or heard them? If Lupita's main character/Adelaide was actually the evil one then why could she speak? And if it's possible for her to speak then why could the other clones not learn it from the original Adelaide who lived down there, she had kids and raised them but they didn't pick up the language? Why where they all demented and evil? Why couldn't they all live and exist together? Why did Adelaide never just go back up the escalators and go home?
Kathy Bates won best actress for Misery in 1990.
wait chris is writing a horror movie?
I wasn't a fan of this movie. I had too many unanswered questions.
😍
This movie's music is very similar to Nier automata's music. Perhaps they are in the same genre?
It was alright. I enjoyed it but it’s was way overhyped. It wasn’t scary at all. I would consider it a campy horror movie done kinda right.
This movie is nowhere near as good as get out. Its great when everything is shrouded in mystery, but as the plot is revealed it just starts to make absolutely no sense at all and ruins the entire movie.
This film had depressing undertones but I won't get into why since this is not the spoiler review... where is the spoiler review ... lol
Toni Colette leaps and bounds over this movie
He said he had the idea with the doppelgangers to represent that we are our own worst enemies. The 'evil' doppelgangers are us, our repressed emotions and thoughts.
Chris, you just proved to me you have no right to review movies. Liking this trash movie. You are just afraid to admit it was trash because people will give you backlash.
Love the batman beyond t shirt. If they are going to continue to make batman films I really believe they should move on to that part of the universe. Watched it everyday along with the older batman cartoon when I got home in junior high.
Watched the movie yesterday, it was amazing! Loved it. Lots of theories to think and read about the film as well when you think back on it. Really unique too. Excited for Peele's next horror works. uwu <3
i watched good movies,this aint it......
Is it normal to get sleepy in a horror movie?
waste of time, not as good as get out in any way
The movie was not scary at all.. Expected a lot.. Though the performance was incredible..
This was actually bland.
Is you gonna review CLIMAX or nah??? I really want to hear your thoughts! 😩😩😩
Jim Carrey did Truman Show and Man on the Moon back to back
Maybe i just have higher standards for films and filmmakers, but i thought this movie was a let down. Everything that makes it a film was mediocre: cinematography, score, the dialogue, the plot, the god-awful humor in this "horror" movie. I think it was under-cooked and that people are hyping this up because they haven't seen serious directors and filmmakers make really good movies. I could name 3 horror movies that would make you recondider this one (and the so-called "plot-twist" and "message" mean nothing unless you execute well because film is ultimately about what you put up on the screen. And what i saw was not good).
Spoiler Review please
Idk how you can even put us and hereditary in the same breathe. Hereditary was a horror classic and this movie was all over the place with many plot holes. This movie screamed to me that it didn’t know what it wanted to be which is a damn shame because the actors did great and the score was amazing the storyline was just not thought through carefully.
It's 4 am. Go to sleep, Christopher
TV sitcoms  and cop shows have a lot of families that show up that look just like each other
I saw this movie yesterday, and i truly can't understand how someone would consider it half decent, seeing review and critics i feel like i didn't even watched the same movie, i felt robbed and didn't really understand if i watched a comedy, everyone laughed nonstop because everything just so out of place. 
Chris trying so hard to make this movie seem good.. good try brother
Who created the underground base
Spoilers
The movie was well acted and we'll filmed, but overall way too scattered. I saw it after all the hype and was very very disappointed.
Liked the move overall, but I thought it escalated WAY too quickly. The abrupt appearance of the antagonists ruined some of the creepy pacing
chris gettin beeefy
Bruh i just WISH this movie took it self mor eseriously. I WANTED it to be a serious movie.
That shirt is awesome! I'm really looking forward to seeing this.
I've really liked your videos so far, but I really wish you wouldn't use bad language.  I get that you loved Get Out and 'Us', so there's no need to profanity to show your strong feelings about it.
How gorey is it?
I thought the movie was slow and boring. Characters were uninteresting. I EXPECTED ALOT MORE
Chris Stuckmann grew up with us.
3:42 am, I'm the night watch. This is my afternoon. Can't wait to see this movie. Can't wait for Midsommar either!
the dad and the girl were so different from lupita and son  it was like a family split in two different genres of movies. I didnt know how I was suppose to feel. And Imo the explanation of what they were and they making their revenge thing had a lot of plotholes and made me scratch my head... It could have been better if they didnt explain
The girls were the creepiest , So good... This was  better than I thought it would be in My opinion.
I think I would have loved this film if it wasn't for the people two rows behind me. They laughed hysterically throughout the whole thing. Every minor comic relief moment, every kill, every intense or uncomfortable scene, etc. I plan on watching it again so I can get the full effect.
Suspiria was also robbed.
MK Ultra references everywhere 
I agree with you about Toni
So I'm the only one who really didn't like the way this movie was executed?
God damb man this movie was very ambiguous
What is a must see horror film?
I kind of preferred Get Out to this one
Fantastic acting, too many plot holes in my opinion
So many subliminal messages and the thing that I thought was the most unrealistic aspect of the movie turned out to be fact they actually did it! Let's hold hands across America, loved it!
Tha movie US was extremely horrible and confusing in my opinion. Much rather would of watched an hour of tommy wiseau eating a sandwich.
this was terrible. i was into the first half, but as soon as we're introduced to the "bad guys"... shockingly bad.
I still don’t understand why someone would feel the need to thumbs down this video
They police should arrive after 14 minutes,  they never did
mannnnn....just saw it and it blew my mind.   i was annoyed with all the subtlety you used in your review but im glad you did.  this movie makes me excited for other movies hes gonna make. dude clearly had a mind for the unexpected and i cant wait to see what else he makes...even though he doesnt like to cast white people for whatever reason...
After I saw the movie I got this feeling like the movie was trying to be deep for the sake of being deep, like by throwing a bunch of symbolism around like rabbits and bible quotes. And then we're expected to fawn over it because of that. If you remove all that pretentious stuff then it's just a movie about clones stabbing people with scissors, which wasn't particularly scary. So I thought this movie failed as a horror movie, personally.
GREAT MOVIE. GREAT ABSOLUTELY GREAT.
What I didn't understand was why does everyone else kill their doble but when it came to them they get handcuff, tied, or let go to run. Smdh
Was anyone else getting a National Lampoons Vacation vibe from the beginning of the film, with the dad on the boat and the pained expressions on the family's faces? I kept imagining the Griswold's family vacation to their lake house and doppelgangers turning up. I love it when they play the music from the trailer in the film like they did here.
A good concept is there but it's plot holes galore. How can you recommend this honestly...
All I want to say is that,I don't really care about Us
so damn excited to see this. i'm watching it on Friday!!
Movie was a total bore. I was falling asleep. My coworkers  left halfway through the movie. I did stay until the end and wished I left with them. What a horrible movie. The message of the movie was obvious and the creators tried so hard to convey it using a boring storyline.
Why would he say the Oscars will ignore Lupita when she already won an Oscar for a movie she was barely in?
The longer I think about this movie, the more apparent the flaws are. At first I was at a 8/10 but its a very light 6 now.
its made like an bollywood movie the way the whole family survived is a bollywood thing
watched it with my wife and sister ,I was trying to sum up the movie politely and my sister cut across me and said "it was stupid" and it was, yes Lupita Nyong'o was very good but the premise is stupid.
We want candy man
CANT BELEIVE YOU EVEN GOT THRU THIS ONCE!  One of the years ten worst !
Lupita was so good
OHHHH I WAS SO EXCITED FOR THIS REVIEW!
Better paced than get out? That has to be a joke
i doesn't agree , to me it's more than what, after watching it for a 3rd time, i think it's more about the american dream and materialism and the emptiness beneath it...more than anything else... that's why the reveal doesnt matter ...
Movies really about the Illuminati and cloning The government can replace people but they don't have a soul
Definitely do not agree with this review I thought it was more of a comedy than horror a good movie just couldn’t find much horror in it a lot of suspense but nothing that was what I would consider scary
The way he said noice
Usually see pretty much eye to eye with you on almost all of your reviews to the point where you’ve been kind of a go to for most new theater releases. Sadly I couldn’t disagree with you more. I loved Get Out but felt like this film was such an extraordinary letdown. I couldn’t be paid to see this film again, never mind go for a second viewing. So unbelievably disappointed.
i didnt like 'get out'. wasn't scary and seemed a bit silly.
People are acting like the Academy ignored Get Out. I’m pretty sure Lupita has a good chance at a Oscar n considering Daniel Kaluuya was nominated for Get Out.
Classic millenials praising something just for trying. 
Kinda expected from Peele that he'd give out more answers than needed. Thats just how he wants to be as a writer :/ We can all probably guess what he revealed during "that sequence".
Why do people like this movie? 😒
This movie was so good when I went to go see it in the theaters I bought the Blu-ray version this morning when I left work from Walmart
I liked this movie, but I didn't get the logic of the last five minutes at all, because it seemed like a major error of lack of common sense. Maybe some day I'll understand it, for it took me over four decades to understand the ending to Vincent Price's The Last Man on Earth.
I definitely share your opinion about the sequence when the movie straight up explains to you the backstory of the doppelgangers. It could have been left more ambiguous, or have it discovered and shown over a couple sequences, instead of just told to us. But overall, this is a fantastic artistic horror movie with a great score and amazing acting.
I definitely have to see this being a horror fan myself.
Please stop using the Lord's name in vain.
Diasppointed in the movie and this review. First time i disagree completely with chris.its a non sense movie and except for first 20 minutes, this was a pile of non sense. 
Respect your opinion man , love your reviews but I just found this movie silly. The twist was weak and the movie never really went anywhere for me. Get out was much better IMO.
This movie BOMBED BIG TIME!!!if u liked this you are super wierd!!
Am I the only one that enjoyed this a little more than Get Out? Maybe because I love true horror, but I felt like there was more to this. Plus, Lupita could not have been more perfect.
Whoever the hell you are, I resonate with almost everything you say and the way you word it. Love.
what're you guys talking about?? it's the worse movie I've watched in a really really long time. the acting was Totally terrible
Tim Heidiwhatever gets the Oscar nod
Been waiting for this review for so long
Am I the only one not slobbering over this movie? It was cool but I had it figured out before the ending.
Real horror movies dont have music sountracks..according to Michael Haneke
Does he spoil the movie in these videos?
I liked this video just because of your rant of "gimme all the good horror."
Man he has the best shirts ever
This guy is trying so hard to analyze this movie but there's nothing there. I can look at my breakfast plate and find symbolism. I suspect this is a consequence of critics telling people what is good. 
I literally took my mother to see this movie, as we both loved get out, and were so embarrassed. She at one point laughed at a point that was not meant to be laughed at. it was just so corny. By the end of the movie I had so many questions and could not believe how everyone is praising this movie. Even people in the theater behind us were so excited and shocked by things that were happening and it was just so bad. The acting was ok but on some parts it was not, some of the lines were horrible and just how the family acted super impressed by getting "kills" is so insanely cheesy and unrealistic of how anyone would act in that situation. Not to mention the plot holes.... omg sooooo many plot holes.
He's sticking with horror. Next is supposed to be a remake of Candyman
I thought it was alright. Not even that much blood if you really think about it. But overall I’ll give it a 7, 7.5 because it is well rounded and the actors are good
I swear this movie is overhyped asf but the main actor is really good at acting 5/10
Creepy asf.  But messy asf.
Just being honest, this is one of the worst films I have ever seen. It was hard to finish honestly. Corny humor, PG horror. I feel like I must’ve watched a different movie , since most people seem to have enjoyed it.
Was pretty excited going into it as i really liked get out but omg this movie was just awful in so many ways and im usually pretty forgiving with movies. 
well i thought this film was awful... nothing like a horror movie!
Why scissors why not knife, hammer, saw so many other ? Only the thing was good in the movie thriller t shirt👍
How is this awesome? It was pointless entertainment. No tension. It was just stupid
Excellent review as always, Chris! I can't wait to see this upon it's theatrical release tomorrow.
Hopefully he's being 100% honest and not being a shill on this movie cus I really want to go see it
Hi Chris, I love your channel and I usually agree with you but for this one, I don't. I thought "Us" wasn't very good. I didn't think the movie was scary in the slightest and the end was super predictable. I thought the acting was good but no one really stood out and the kills in the film were only okay. I did like the cinematography and the direction I thought they were done really well. One of my main problems with the film was the tone, I get the Peele likes to add comedy to his horror and I enjoy that in "Get Out" but I thought it was too much in this movie, especially for a horror movie. There was plenty of times where the theatre would just laugh at a "scary" scene. However, I'm still excited to see what Jordan Peele does next.
A normal family living in a horror movie. Lupita was excellent
Winston Duke wasn’t funny. At all.
Chris, Talk about "Drag Me To Hell" !!
Saw the movie after watching your review. This movie is very average and is not as good as you said in the review. It was more of thriller than horror. The plot was not convincing enough. To just believe the red suits were created as part of a government experiment was nonsensical. Nothing is told as to why they were created or explained properly.
Spoilers. 
Spoiler review! Spoiler review! Spoiler review!
I think this entire movie is being taken too literal especially the ending. Yes there were flaws no doubt, but this wasn' t trash. The entire movie was metaphor on a lot of social problems in the US, which are swept under the rug especially mental health. Especially when they asked, who are you people, and she said we're Americans. But maybe it's just me.
11-11 is a powerful number in the spiritual community and it represents transformation and awakening consciousness.  Thus, 11-11 has a duel meaning just like most everything else in the movie. The Biblical 11-11 represents the wrath of God if humanity continues on its current path of material excess and seeing our fellow inhabitants as 'other."  However, 11-11 also represents that we can change course through our awakening to Oneness and to our inherent authenticity that does not rely on material excess.  It is a matter of becoming aware of our shadow side and accepting it so that we do not unconsciously operate from it.
This film will make you think so hard that you have to pay attention to every clue to understand how truly great this movie is. This is for people with a very high IQ who understand the concept of great storytelling. US and Hereditary are going to be so underrated in the future because of how everyone aren’t paying attention to all the twists and theories those two movies provided. Honestly some of the best work I’ve seen for horror movies. It’s a psychological burn that stays in your mind and leaves you wondering what did I just watch because you didn’t expect it to turn out that way. Great film.
I did not like Get Out. 2 friends at work told me this movie sucked. Guess I will watch it and see.
"I cant see myself casting a white dude as a lead" 
This movie is so damn good. Even my fiance who is not a big Horror fan loved it. That is huge!!
Just felt like there were so many flaws.  So many opportunities to kill the main characters.  Instead they
The worst movie I seen in theatre. No story plot real or logical! Take one analgesic 500 at least with you, if you have decided to watch movie even after my warning!
What to watch guys Us vs pet sematery ???
Jordan Peel's next film is "Them". I called it first
such a good movie , just saw it . Just go and support it .
Hey Chris, just wanna say I thoroughly enjoy your movie reviews & as not a fan of horror movies, Us looks interesting enough for me to go check this movie out.
Us wasn't scary at all
Us, is one of the worst films this year, it was so bad I couldn't wait for the credits to role.. If you are looking for something as good as "Get Out," then you won't find that here... This film just doesn't work and will leave you feeling very disappointed at the end.
That sudden loud intro scared the shit out of me.
Holy Shit the red jumpsuit is a reference to the South African political party EFF, the leaders of the party wear red jumpsuits to symbolize and showcase that they represent the ”lowerclass” miners, domestic workers, gardners etc.
U owe me $36. Such a bad film. Everything was spoiled at the beginning. Bad dialogs. bad actors except lupita. Poor character design. Fake af. Visually looks good though
Are these people such SJW's they don't realize both his movies are ripoffs from previous films. Can't believe Chris doesn't know that and I mean that literally.
It was weird
This was not a horror movie for me. The beginning started well But as the story continued the realism began to deteriorate. Plus I thought there was a lot of on answered questions and this just made the movie Unenjoyable.
Before it was even released, I kept saying, it will flop. 
This was one of the worst movies I've ever watched. Most of the actors and actresses were fine, most of the cinematography was fine, but the story and execution was terrible. Scenes drag on, the people don't act like people caught in the middle of some world ending scenario, and there is no "in depth" allegory or metaphor. It's so bad.
this movie reminds me of the movie elemento- philippines horror movie.. elemento is better. watch it
This movie was so BAD!!!
I had a problem with the movies marketing. If you watched the trailers you’d think Us was a super scary horror movie. It’s not.
The movie evolves as you watch it. The plot in itself wasn't as good, but the underlying messages and the subliminal messages with even simple objects was amazing! Not as good as Get Out, but I'm can still appreciate it for what it is.
Dark vaider
I got fiiiiiiiiive on it!!!!
This movie is terrible I watched it last night the cringey acting really made me laugh 😂
I saw an review about a girl called fernanda in another movie and she just came up with excelent reviews (I'll try to translate the best I can): She said the movie has a political aspect. She said that the wall in the end is a reference to Trump's wall and the color is red because of the republicans, she also said that they escape to mexico and the tunnels were always a passageway to the foreigners to enter the U.S. The movie is called "US": U.S. : a direct reference to the united states and the fact that it was built by the hard work of immigrants that were left to the shadows and most were caged. She also said that Jordan Peele said in an interview that americans fear a lot of outer threats while they should fear themselves. Another great thing is about the boy and his "clone", while the normal boy always tries to do the magic trick and always fails, his clone always succed and that's why he got his face burnt. The movie is amazing. 10/10
the movie (get out) I gave 3  out of a 5 (us) I gave a 2 out 5 Story was a little boring not bad I would probably watch it one more time To see if I notice anything else in the movie But it would be nice to see more Big budget horror movies There's not too many people doing really good horror movies Pretty good acting that's always a good Tell me what you think of that movie Alita battle angel I thought that was damn good not horror but a good Fantasy science fiction
I really like Get Out, but found Us to be bland and uninspired. No intriguing subtext nor social commentary, and no humor in it too. I think Lupita acted well but I couldn’t be absorbed into the movie, there seems to be an aloofness to it all that I never really went through the journey with any of the characters, unlike Get Out. A shame.
Something tells me that Lupita will probably end up getting an Oscar  nomination for this film, due to the Academy's continuous efforts for CULTURAL DIVERSITY.
Not that Toni Collette was bad, but Olivia Colman’s performance in The Favourite was better.
Story was dumb at first you interested then lost interest to many jokes not enough parts that make crowd jump people were laughing more then being scared  I thought it was a horror me an date walked out
People mistake ambiguity for brilliance. The movie is ambiguous but not brilliant. Second half of the story is not interesting
just watched it...thought it would be better than get out and it wasn't...
The Chris Stuckmann video we have been waiting for...
The reveal could’ve been better. Red shouldn’t have spoken until just before she died which would have been better but overall it was pretty good 7.5/10
This movie is the most "overcompensation" reviewed film ever. Really? The writing didn't tell why, what, and how these "underground people" exist. The treat was so WEAK, I never felt the family was in any real danger or any harm for coming to them. Stop overcompensation this trash and point out the writing flaws as you do with every horror film you review.
Im glad everyone else is enjoying Get Out and Us but I did not really like either
This is by far one of the most clever scripts for horror film the last 20 years! Amazing movie!
I just saw this last night. I think there is something Seriously wrong in Denmark with all of these Overly Positive reviews. the first part was fine, but the rest was Just Plain Ridiculous.
Was not impressed with this film.
lets be honest if it wasnt a Jordan Peele movie everyone will be giving this movie a 4/10 . Its boring and generic AF
Damn Chris, I just saw it and I thought it sucked.
I thought this was the worst film I have ever seen
Nice shirt
Great review.  You nailed it on the head.  Exactly what I want to hear from a viewers perspective but without ruining the movie.  Alas making me want to see it even more.  Thank you for that
Did not like this hyped movie. its slow there to many plotholes its to far fetched  and the twist was not really a twist :) most of the times i agree with you with this i am not :)
4.18 Fully agree Chris,well said my brother
Yes I enjoyed Us! I love this review. I agree with your entire opinions in this video!  Thanks for sharing!
Us made no sense dude idk wtf critics are on about
this movie was weird. what was it even about? it was like a comedy/supernatural thriller.
Us is the best horror movie of all time
This movie really wasn't that scary, I loved how there was a ton of hidden messages and Easter eggs🔥plus the cast was amazing.
maybe i'm blind or maybe lack any emotion whatsoever but this movie to me was more of comedy than a horror movie. not once did my girlfriend or i feel any sort of suspense or any sheer feelin of freight. im sorry but sitting however long this movie was felt more like punishment to me imho
A-?  this movie was not very good.  Could have been a 1 hour episode of the twilight zone or black mirror.
This was the worst movie ever. Giving this movie a great review, steals 2 hours from people's lives.
Dude this is horror for you? Lmao for god sake , this concept was horrible. Tethered doubles coming to haunt you REALLY???? Halfway through the movie I'm like wtf are we watching 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
So agree for Toni Collette, she was incredible in Heredity don't get it why she did not receive a nomination...
Noicee
Get Out is the better more subtle film, but this one was still really solid. 
First part of the movie I was really into it. Except for the husband. Idgaf if I got hit in the knee with a bat. My adrenaline would be through the roof if my family was in danger. After they start explaining everything I actually started getting upset. I saw this movie yesterday so I had read and listened to a few reviews. I don't know what people are talking about. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. None of it makes sense even though they literally explain the plot to you word for word. I absolutely will not be watching this movie again.
Gee, the trailer alone is really scary.... I m not an expert in those things but the camera, the way it s shot instantly made me think "oh this one is well made and promising" and the acting seemed strong as well. Haven t seen such a good (and scary) trailer in quite a while
I love your thoughtful, spoiler-free reviews. Thanks Chris. 👍💜
This movie had some really good acting and an amazing score...other than that, nothing much...it had plot holes and didn't know what it wanted to be...horror comedy? Mystery? Serious horror? Who knows....Did it have a dual meaning that i missed? If it did, it didnt get it across successfully...Overall i thought it was boring and all over the place..I'm here because i need someone to justify this film...Because I honestly could not find it good...It started amazingly but it was all downhill after that...it reminded me of Invasion of the body snatchers slightly...but it soon became dissapointing...it was cinematically good...but storywise, it was bad..it felt rushed...and without identity...
Excellent first act. Dumb third act. Would have played a lot stronger as a much simpler horror plot.
I thought it was decent. I hated the pace. It felt both fast and slow at the same time. Lupita was so amazing! She’s a GREAT actress! So versatile! The movie frustrated me because there were a lot of holes in the plot that I didn’t care for... but other than that it made me think... i liked it and I’d watch it again to see if I find anything else that tells me more about the meaning behind the movie
Chris, I do respect your opinion/reviews in general but in this case I cant help but feel that this review is wide off the mark. Sure, Lupita's acting was great (can't deny that) but the ridiculous story filled with plot holes...as if the movie does not know what it aims to be...(a thriller, a horror a dark comedy?) well it's not a peerless amalgamation of it all that's for sure. In the theatre everybody was like: What the heck did I just saw?!?! Is it really from the same director??! In my humble opinion (plus the audiences..) this movie is an overhyped C at best.
It's so cool that Jordan Peele transitioned from a funny sketch-comedy actor to a horror movie visionary.
The worst horror movie in my entire life!
This movie was unbelievably a piece of crap! Waste of time storyline was clearly not well thought out, furthermore they take an incredible actress and make her "act" like she don't have a clue what she's doing. This movie should be deleted from life PERMANENTLY.
That was the dumbest movie ive seen In a very long time. don't waste your time on this attempt at a horror flick. it only got hype because they were black
I’m sorry, I don’t agree with Chris on this one. Most of his reviews are spot on. I couldn’t wait to see this. First of all, it was only slightly creepy. Not even close to being scary. The acting was good in some spots but not in others. My biggest complaint is with the story line and the twist ending. The story line is absurd. Nothing really makes sense about it. I guessed the ending 10 minutes into the movie. I wanted to love this but whatever Jordan Peele was trying to say got washed away in a weird, convoluted story.
Horror is a genre that has so many cliches but some great ones are still coming . The oscars are bull people do get Oscar for good film sometimes for bad. Fine example Leonardo di caprio should have two not one should have got one for blood diamond I fell asleep watching Roma but I got bored the cinematography was great but bit slow I might pick up were I left off but I think oscars are bit political they wait and go it’s Leo year. It’s Clooney year etc sometimes they get it right but they are not the biggest award to me bafta Emmy and other are fair if you have people funding Oscar campaigns they need to stop that it’s not a good merit system to me
Can someone please explain why everyone's hyping this movie up. Literally just saw and was very underwhelmed when seeing. I kept on waiting for something to happen and was just disappointed by it. Maybe I'm too dumb to understand or something but it just didn't impact me the way I was expecting. And it pretty much stopped being a good horror once the duplicates made it into the house imo.
Am I the only one who really doesn't see why people like this movie? I just thought itbwas a really dumb movie
I absolutely loved it.
I loved Lupita when she was tell Daniel Tosh’s joke on Billy on the Street. Hilarious.
I had to comment about this stuff in the comments, you can dislike the movie, that’s fine. But it’s a little too much when people bring racism into the conversation. If you dislike the movie you don’t have to be rude as fuck about it either. The movie was fantastic and I agree with Chris completely
I thought this movie really wasn’t that good, honestly. Too predictable, basically everyone in the cinema could already say what would happen in the end and the „plot twist“ in the end was absolutely clear since the beginning. Plus the „comedy“ was forced, didn’t fit into the movie and only made the audience roll their eyes because the jokes where so predictable. I regret going to see it honestly.
I know A LOT of people don't dig this movie and that's cool but this film felt way more Lovecraftian than 'Get Out'.
Just watched Us last night. It was terrible. I say that without hyperbole.
Is Chris going to review Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase?
I was not impressed with the movie US!! I get it a C or two stars!! If you wan't to watch a great horror movie watch  The Prodigy!! Excellent film!! I give it a A rated and 3 1/2 stars!! I just saw BrightBurn and it was ok!! I give BrightBurn a  B rating and 3 stars!!
I  had to drop this in here because there is alot of people talking about the ending of US as a let down or predictable but truelly miss the underline point of this outcome. It forces you to flip your whole perspective on your judgement of the clones and wether they were actually evil or not. The whole film works as an allegory for poverty stricken underclasses having no life so the privileged can have it all and the real life holding hands protest was against poverty too. The reveal that they switched shows that the clones were just regular people but were so underprivileged they became animalistic, much like people in poverty do and how the tethered clone got given the life of opportunity and was able to grow into a successful member of society.
If you support the horror genre, you gotta support the good and the bad. Because it's mostly bad...
"NOT"!! . please STOP!! the over HYPE  PEOLPE MAKING THIS TO EASY. this was a made for cable netflx movie at the best !stop it peolpe watch some other real horror movies before rating some of these other mediocre films at best
6:28 It’s the rating of the movie, so just Incase you don’t wanna hear anything about the film that might change your thought going in to watch the film
Move wasn't all that.... it was a OK movie...
Parts were ok, most was garbage, plot was absurd.
Yesterday watched this one.awesome movie😍
You know it's a great movie when he drops the F bomb
Nonsensical story with gaping plot holes the size of planets, A-.    Sorry Chris, but just not on the same appreciation level as you are with this one.
Wait, this was a horror movie?
jim carrey was nothing b4 in living color and wayans brothers. he should be thankful.
I think Peele's first movie was better and more cohesive and coherent.  "US" had many inconsistencies.. too many to name.  I really wanted to LUV this film, but this was a poor horror/suspense movie.  How is it possible that it had great acting, though?!
Let's be honest this movie was an empty shell. No character development, no subtext, no real message to be sent (no Chris the evil shadow is not linked to the metaphoric inner evil it is clearly expressed that they are 2 differents people with 2 different motives). Plus many plot holes that make the concept not believable. Get out was a nice surprise, this one is not.
I didn't love it at all, sooo boring
What a brilliant movie. Every single scene had meaning, not to mention the score! 9.2/10.
Just finished watching this movie and I didn't think it was that good at all.  I thought it was "ok" but nothing great.  I like Jordan Peele and I love what he's trying to do with the horror genre.  He's bringing a different flavor to the horror genre and I appreciate what he's doing.  But this movie didn't really do anything for me.  It wasn't scary but it was different.  The acting was superb, but it's just that the decisions made by the family in this movie were pretty dumb.  I spent most of the movie saying "Why the fck did they do that??"  or "That was a dumb choice to make given the circumstances." I hate when the victims in these movies make stupid decisions.  It takes me completely out of the movie.  A great horror movie is believable, in my opinion, and the more believable the movie is, the more it draws you into the story and scares the living sh@# out of you.  Anyways, enough babbling out of me.  I respect your review, I just don't agree with it.  I would give this movie a 6.5/10.  Mediocre.
Please do a spoiler review!! 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
I typically agree with you on virtually almost everything but I thought this movie was god awful. To the point I nearly walked out of the theatre. I thought the acting was ok at best. Aside from the actress who played the mother. She was good. Now I felt the movie wasn’t scary at all and I felt the comedy felt forced. Especially when it came to the father. The movie was full of horror movie tropes and I can’t stand the stupid zombie like cry’s the doppelgänger’s would make. I couldn’t help but laugh because every time I heard it I felt it didn’t fit into the story. I feel there could have been a better option. You say there was tons of blood but I highly disagree. We don’t really see anything at all. Besides the family with the two sisters all we see is the aftermath of everything. It’s a real shame. This movie really let me down and I couldn’t be more disappointed. However I will agree that the original score was incredible and to me the highlight of the film
Where was all the police, i thought USA police like shooting black ppl,and no police in the whole movie wtf
Am I the only one that didn’t like it?
I must be losing my mind...this movie was HORRIBLE!!! by the end all I wanted it to do was be over so I could find a better use of my time. No!
One of the best soundtracks is Krzysztof Penderecki's The Shining. Great review, cant wait to see this film!!!
That last fight scene was just jaw dropping
Evil crap
Are you kidding me this movie sucked in every way. Slow, boring, bad acting. The list goes on and on.
This movie is absolute garbage. It would be a 0/10 if the ending was at least halfway entertaining. Anyone who genuinely enjoys this movie in it's entirety is a simpleton and nothing more.
So it's basically a black version of the Others , how original.
Movie was trash, and the way the doubles talked was corny asf, I couldn't help but get annoyed.
GET OUT was much better, US was OK
Get Out was alright. Not bad but nothing special
Awful, awful film. Objectively awful. I don’t even buy that these are chris’ true thoughts. I have a feeling anyone who criticizes this film would be deemed anti-black
love horror as well. Very good review! Kudos~
I thought this movie was bad. Just really bad. I seem to be an anomaly for the most part. My girlfriend and I thought it was terrible and seriously can’t seem to understand how any can enjoy it
Did I watch a different movie to every critic? Cinematography and soundtrack were excellent but the plot? A Noble attempt by Peel but just wide of the mark
I heard Jordan Peele is  doing a remake of Candyman.
Obvious from the get go, telegraphed the twist straight away. Don’t understand the hype around this movie, the soundtrack is the only shining light. Why the hype around any of Jordan Peele’s movies, they are average at best, especially when compared to Alexandre Aja’s early horror outings. If you really want to hate his movies, just listen to any interview with him about them, in particular the Q and A podcast with Jeff Goldsmith about Get Out. One word could describe him, delusional.
What a joke ......  I just saw the movie , and could have walked out 20 minutes in .   It's not scary , it's plot is piss weak , it's slow , boring and it makes me wonder how on Earth anyone could give it more than 5 out of ten . Actors lives matter ???
Dude u r so dumb this movie is not good...tell me what was ur best pat?? Dont worry I'll wait
I think your problem is , that you do want a fresh face in horror. But you want it so bad that you will give this mess of a film good marks. No we do not want loose ends. He did this a little in get out which I liked. However here he goes off the deep end ....this film has more questions than resolves.....I just got home from this film and it sucks.....
i just lost a lot of respect for u chris this movie was trash
Jordan Peel 's movies are so overrated.
I respect you as a reviewer but this was one of the worst horror films I’ve seen in a long time. The twist was not a twist. It was painfully obvious in the first 10 minutes. Are you being paid to say this was good?
We didn’t like it at all.
Allegory of duality? What is our perception of enemies? Chris, I like your reviews and you r an articulate man, but the above is not one of your brightest moments.
This movie was just terrible on so many levels. I wont ever watch it again. Complete mess when it comes down to it.
This movie is a total garbage.  I thought after watching GET OUT that I would be seeing another excellent movie.  I cannot be anymore wrong.  This movie try too hard to be scary.  I spent 1 hr watching it and it was cool in the beginning trying to build up story and everything.  It was still good up to the point where they were in the house and another similar looking family threaten them.  But after that...it's getting ridiculous when they have another similar looking family attack another family.  When it got to the point where the 2 white sisters stab another white sisters and smiling while doing it, i was like is this movie supposed to be a joke, funny?  Is it supposed to be comedy horror film? I never seen one if that's the case and I don't think this movie is made that way.  But holy crap, it looks so amatuerish, so lame, so stupid, it makes me question the entire movie what were they thinking?  I had to stop watching after that point.  They're trying too hard to be scary and it failed miserably.  First of all, why do they think it is scary by having two white sisters out of no where stabbing another white sisters?  It isn't for me...it's stupid, the whole thing is just lame.
One of the worst movies I've seen. I had high hopes because of the ratings. What a disappointment.
Hey Chris, pls watch Suspiria! Trust me man :)
I'm a bit of a traditionalist so I didn't really appreciate the attempt at humor in this movie which made it quite hard to take it seriously. You had to ask yourself is it a horror film or a comedy? The acting was good but aside from the regular conveniences it did also contain a lot of cliches and was predictable to say the least. 6/10
I walked out of this movie after 45 min. What i saw was awful. The acting sucked. Did we see the same movie?
Cringy movie
This movie was garbage . I almost  left half way into it .
I'm glad you mentioned that about Toni Collette. Shame, not even a nomination . 
I enjoy a good horror movie but you don’t need to swear to make a point. Just my opinion.
Chris is just as credible as all of those shills on RT. This movie is awful and he knows it.
c´mon man .. this movie is fn stupid .. beginning to end... it doesnt make any sense at all
Us is a little overrated
It surprises me to see that you, as a critic and fan of the psychological horror genre has found this movie somehow 'brilliant'. A movie where your nemesis has to detail a nonsensical evil plan for minutes in front of you won't ever ne good. Terrible movie, 2/10
To be honest, in my opinion I thought this movie was...ok. Don’t get me wrong it was a very well written and preformed movie, however I found my self board even during the action scenes. And maybe it’s because I just don’t get very scared by horror movies but I didn’t find the movie thrilling except for that twist at the end. What  are your thoughts? 
Obviously watched a completely different film to me, absolute Rubbish.
It wasnt scary...
Really, Chris, an A-? You really need to do a spoiler review and explain that to me because I just got back from Us and I was bored out of my mind with a shallow pretentious film. It's funny too, because it's not the film itself that's pretentious but the reviews of it.  This was a borderline mediocre film and maybe for the general audience they'll be impressed with a twist ending, but I really wasn't. Odd that you bring up Winston as comic relief, I got that's what he was because the film tried so hard shoving that down my throat, no one in the theater laughed at his obvious attempts at humor. And, I keep waiting for a philosophical view of this film, as reviewers (such as yourself) keep telling me how deep and thought-provoking it is, when in actuality, it is a complete waste of time and money. There was no tension, no horror (only weak jump scares), no comedy, no characters, no plot, no story only a bunch of liberal movie reviewers who want social brownie points and to virtue signal so they say this film is a masterpiece and Jordan Peele is a genius, but that's all this film is = hype.
BEST HORROR MOVIES 2019
Possible spoiler comment, but I'm curious what scene Chris is referring to at 5:30, an aspect to the movie he wished had been more ambiguous. Any ideas what part he's talking about (I just saw the film tonight and don't mind a spoiler). Ideas?
I’m fine with horror, but I don’t think I’ve ever anticipated going to see a horror movie more so than I anticipate going to see this one.
I didn’t like this movie
For everyone who who hasn’t watched Us yet and is going to go watch it. Go in that movie theater with an open mind because if you’re closed minded than you definitely will not like or understand the movie. It was very complex in many ways and they don’t lay out a lot of things in front of you. You kind of have to figure stuff out on your own and find your own meaning to the movie.
Reviewing movies with letters Is not a really precise way to rate a movie. For example, If you rate a movie with a D+, that is equivalent of rating a movie with a 1/10(or 10/100). So, what I am trying to say Is that It doesn't sit right when you see it. And you have to do some calculating to find out the actual numerical score.
I give this movie a C+ great acting but not a very exciting movie and more weird than scary!!
i thought this movie was incredibly cringy and formulaic.
Turned this movie off at 1 hour 11 minutes. What a disappointment.
Am I the only one that did not like this movie?
Trash film with great performance, music and screenplay
Oh there were 6 years in between Truman Show & Eternal Sunshine, he still had to
1:16 "this movie is fuckin' awesome"
One of the creepiest horror movies. And i usually hate horror movies. Because you know its an original and you can predict whats going to happen.
I know ya don't do these all the time, but do an opinion piece on the new Joker trailer. Pheonix is really beginning to look like a great choice for the character. It'd be nice to see that you thought of it.
I honestly didn't like it. The end ruined the whole movie for me.
Of course she won't win an oscar.... Lady Gaga was nominated....for basically playing herself.... 
Can we erase this movie from the history books??? It's terrible.
Omg THIS MOVIE SUCKED!!! THE NOT SCAREY AT ALL
This was a very mediocre movie. Strong point was Cinematography and weak was... Will everything about it. Get out was way way way better.
i thought this movie was a trash horror but good comedy
Garbage.. wasted my money
Great acting but hated the movie. They destroy it adding so much Comedy to it. I had people commenting near to my sit that it was a comedy movie. People laughing big part of the film. Such a bummer to add comedy to it, takes away from the genre it is supposed to be. Not recommended to people that actually like horror or scary movies.
Gosh i can't believe so many people liked this movie.
The movie sucked
A question do you think it's more or less predictable to kill someone than not?, YMS in his review says that he didn't believe that any of the characters would die and thought that would have actually made it more tense but on the flipside in other films it can be predictable when some character dies, Oh well I expected that, especially in other horror movies. So is it more predictable to kill someone in a film than not?
Come on ! This is C+ at best. The writing and logic in the film was tragic.
The scariest thing about "Us" is people thinking it is scary, or good.
I hated it, made no sense to me. Her voice as the other one was daft
Bro ur shirt is so badass!!! U always have the best shirts! An reviews are pretty good too 👌 lol
This movie is so bad !
Get out was trash, this was almost just as bad
Wait what!!!!?!! Did we watch the same movie!?! Bro I can't. It sucked beyond words
2 twists; one is fairly obvious, the other is not
Love the review, but even more I love your Batman Beyond shirt!
I for the life of me cannot understand the praise this movie is getting. Don’t get me wrong it was somewhat of a unique concept, but it played out all wrong this movie was littered with plot holes, bad writing ( especially some of the comedic dialogue in rather serious situations) and just overall didn’t make sense or left the audience with too many questions. I thoroughly enjoyed “get out” but this was a flop in my opinion.
I think the movie has a lot of great social commentary, but the narrative is riddled with plotholes and inconsistencies. I personally think this movie is overrated because I see people give this movie 100% praise for only fleshing out 50% of the story. 
Gotta say, I liked US more than Get Out.
This movie was sooooo bad.
Love Jordan since MadTV
This film only gets better the more I think about it. I loved the subtext and all the questions that the film brings up about American culture.
Originality doesn’t mean good. This movie is an example of that. It was a bit pretentious with its social message and style, I know I’m not supposed to take everything literally but the characters and the execution just wasn’t there for me. The way they would react to the situation they were in was not relatable at all. Obviously I know the movie is meant to be outrageous and campy in some ways but I found myself feeling nothing throughout the movie. 
Compared to get out this movie was straight garbage
It was an amazing movie, sure it has its flaws but the hidden messages and symbols are just spectuclar
Why does Jordan peel do so many movies about black people, is it just because he’s black
Even if the plot made sense from a bird's eye view this movie was still poorly done. 90% of the movie was shitty action and standoffs. The falling action was garbage, just people running around doing nothing, standing off for the whole movie. Only the beginning and end was done well.
I’m really surprised you weren’t more irritated some aspects of the film. It isn’t bad but it’s really a huge disappointment. The films disturbing imagery and scare factor get old quick and the awful exposition and twist ending honestly ruined most of the film for me. I think people are seeing this thing through rose colored glasses. I love Get Out as much as the next, but this was average at best.
i wasted 2 hours of my life and my money to watch some garbage
Hey Chris can you review the Rush Hour Trilogy? I'd really love to hear your thoughts on those three classics!
The Proud Family
I went to see it with my girl and I go "two tickets for Us, please" and the guy responds "Okay, for you two?". That was so bad I actually laughed.
I just watched it and honestly thought it was alright. Didn’t like it as much as get out but 🤷🏽‍♀️
Spoilers review? I curious what scene you meant at the end
I plan on seeing this film next Sunday, really looking forward to it
Even after watching this I still have no idea what you’re talking about the ambiguity
I love this movie. Been a fan of Jordan Peele since key and Peele. I'm just glad that he is giving of movies that go against the typical status quo of each genre. He just needs to keep on pushing forward
I cant believe you love this film. great acting i agree, great blend of comedy/tension starting off, loved tim heidecker, great first half, but the most stupid story/explanation/and ending i've seen maybe ever.
Acting, music, comedy and cinematography were awesome! Movie plot was Meh and was not scary at all.
You should do a Spoiler Review as well. I want to know what you are referring to towards the end of this review.
"Get out" was a little overrated. I have a feeling "Us" will be underrated. This is a tremendous movie in more than 1 way.
The minute dude said Get Out was excellent i knew he didnt know shit about good movies lol
My boyfriend & I went to see it tonight & I was completely blown away. as you stated there's a lot of ambiguity hence y I want to watch it a 2nd time.. eloquent review
I will watch every horror movie you make, Chris.
I want to see this movie, but I can't handle blood and gore 😣🙁
Hot take: the best movie Jordan Peele has been involved with is Keanu.
am I the only one who really didn't like it?
Thanks for another great, considered review about a great horror movie that doesn't give spoilers. I can't usually watch horror movies (I'm a total wuss!), but I want to see both "Get Out" and "Us" based on your reviews (even though I know what happened in Get Out!), as well as "Upgrade" & "Ex Machina". That's a lot of darkness for someone like me, but I'm weirdly looking forward to it! Thanks.
I really don't think there was an ambiguity to the film , there's literally a bit when someone explains the entire plot
This is movie is my first time see horror film in the theatre, and I gotta say, becuase of Winston Duke, this movie is much less horror than I thought. Everyone is laugh their ass off everytime he said a word, including me.
I'm writing a horror now. Almost done. Gonna need help. Reach out.
I thought it was ok. Felt a bit disjointed. I give it a 7/10.
I really liked the movie. Sometimes it felt a bit stitched together though, and im pretty sure there are some glaring plotholes. Compared to Get Out i feel that this movie definitely has a bigger vision, but ultimately cant hold itself up that well due to its weight. Enjoyed it thoroughly however.
Peele did a great job early of setting the stage for high tension and holding his cards close to the chest. The more those cards got revealed though, the more lackluster the film felt. He had the setup to tell a really tense, scaled down, focused story. In trying to make it some global uprising he invited a lot of questions that his plot wasn't prepared to support, and the film was weaker for it.
Idk, I disagree. If you watch key and peele there’s plenty of nods to his obsession with horror.
spoiler review!!!
I would never have guessed Horror was your passion. Honestly...
This movie was meh...
Jordan Peele told us something about today's people. But the way he did it was beyond today's people.
I have noticed that a lot of people that did not like it, are the same people who want to have literally everything explained to them. I cannot stop thinking about this movie. That is how I know this is a good movie. I have seen every movie with a twist. Never seen it like this!
Get out-made people afraid of tea cups
this movie was... yikes l o l
Seen the movie and i loved it. But i still believe get out is way better.
Dude ur gay af!!!!
GIVE A SPOILER REVIEW PLEASE
I never viewed Get Out as a horror movie, a thrilling suspenseful mystery with lots of comedy and yes but nothing there was really that horrifying overall to call it a horror even though the thought of someone taking over your body the way it was portrayed was kinda chilling, I would consider it a horror parody where it depicts the white people in it as scary... its supposed to be funny not scary
This movie isn't a horror movie, it's really a comedy thriller movie.
It was dumb movie
you nailed the review. solid 9/10 film
I don't get why people think this movie is actually good.  Get Out was great but this one was bad.  Great acting though.
Been waiting on this review !!!
Good job making it on TRENDING 👏🏽👏🏽
so what we’re just some kind of us
Chris stuckmann grew up with us 😉
It was ok. I liked some if it but other parts not so much. Not very scary imo but definitely creepy (if that makes sense). It was filmed nicely.
It's a hard knock life for Us, got to give it A- and money?! ... 😀 🔥
Hope this goes to the Oscars
That bright red, duality, doppelganger stuff reminds me a lot of Twin Peaks.
This upload made me stop trying to sleep!
🙌 seen it a day early last night.. loved it ❤👏
Save your money and go see Hotel Mumbai instead. That movie was tens times better than this crappy movie.
Horror is not normally a genre I like to watch because it scares me to much, but with the good ones I will put myself through that fear to experience a story that gets me thinking.
The acting was good but I am sorry the STORY was NOT well created, it is filled with SO MANY NON SENSIBLE GAPS that I left this film like 🙄
Why didn’t you review Suspiria? I think it was a brilliant horror movie and one of my favourites of 2018.
Best horror movie. Ever. Deadass. It’s like coralline but if she had a twin too and it won and the world was bigger. Fricken great :)
I loved Get Out, but Us reminded me of a bad John Carpenter movie in that it had a great set up on the 1st Act, the 2nd Act that is tense, but starts to wobble, and the 3rd Act is a total mess. None of the finale makes sense.  It only takes basic questions to tear through the plot holes and logic inconsistencies. On top of it, it was predictable.
dam i want to see the movie Chris saw, cuz the movie i saw was just meh and predictable.
Some people may not agree with me, but I fucking love this movie
batman beyond :,)
Did anyone even get scared by this movie? I was laughing the whole time. The track team girl's duplicate looked so funny to me when she was smiling.
The same people who dislike this movie are the same people who enjoy shovelware garbage like superhero films especially the avengers.
Hey there everyone. Id have to say that this film had tons of great scenes and imagery. The plot however had to many holes by the end. (None spoiler lol) why was her voice changed if she was the original girl?. How many people were there that came out as clones from one city?, and was this an every city around America thing?. Also, getting pregnant isnt 100% so even if a clone down below followed their double aboves a actions how would it be that she would have kids at the same time?. How did they get all the scissors, gloves and jump suits? Did she go up and just buy all of that stuff and just wait for the right time to come out?. Lol seriously great ideas on plot but I have to give this one a C+ at best based on plot and character choices throughout the film. I have to give it an A for originality, music score and acting though. A great artistically shot and acted movie with a great music tone but really underwhelming plot follow through. Thanks for reading if you did, thank you Chris for all your hard work. Mike B
One of the worst movies ever made. 2 out of 10. Not even as good as sharknado which was horrible.
Great review and dialogue.  The previews, and behind the scenes videos for "US" have been providing a very intriguing, and interesting look at the film.  I love your review, and how you explained how it has that "Jordan Peele touch" but is more different, than a-like, than "Get Out."  Definitely looking forward to seeing this in theaters.
Lol everyone knows this movie is trash stop lying to please the SJWs
A- bahahahaha. This movie was hot garbage. Just cuz its a black cast doesnt mean you need to bend over backwards chris. This movie deserved a hilariocity review
This was nowhere NEAR as good as “Get Out”. If you think this a good horror film then you’ve no idea what makes a good horror movie. 
I really liked the movie , not perfect but great, different and takes a lot of risk trying something new. It's narrative, ideas and all tied up in the script is phenomenal.
This movie was a mess, the script was ridiculous and the characters were all paper thin. It rides the line between being funny and scary while never being either. It literally starts with text thats only purpose is to explain a minor plot point relevant to the end of the film. “There is a massive tunnel system under the usa” wow crazy, really gets me goin
I dont get the positive critic behind this movie. Acting Was good.... thats it. Am I the only one thinking this was indeed a cringe fest?! This movie tried so hard to be impactful and scary with some kind of deep meaning and twist... and it failed, on each of these levels. It not scary at all, made almost no sense and was simply boring and stupid.
Jordan Peele better give us a sequel!
One of the first reviews I don’t really agree with the great Stuckman.....I thought US was kinda meh...Out of curiosity can someone help me understand what makes a movie horror? I wasn’t scared at all during this film or even with Get Out.
Is there a more glaring example of a sacred cow? Peele could take a two hour shit and reviewers would be fighting to be the first to describe the smell.
I found this film beyond stupid. It's like he couldn't stop and just went further down the rabbit hole with the plot. Personally I think Hollywood as become scared to say anything negative against certain directors or films (black panther in best picture list, come on get real.) This film is a mess in script, plot and the silliness of the humour thrown in at certain times.
The people that don’t like this movie are desensitized and don’t remember what horror was meant to be.. it’s not meant to be in your face violence and forced reaction. The movie throws you into its world. First 50 percent of the movie I was thinking how it wasn’t really that scary at all, I didn’t feel the tension and it felt like I was missing somethin. Why is she so afraid of her dopy? Not just afraid but petrified! That’s what I kept asking myself. Then when you get to the end and it comes full circle....the realization of the human her being forced into literally a form of hell and becoming the monster itself was so far beyond “scary “ it hits your most personal fears, or mine anyway, and laughs in your face when you go from being happy the villain is dead to realizing you don’t even know who the villain is. And why don’t they deserve the same chance? So many thought provoking things come from it if your a book reader or deep thinker. People who need face value scary wont really pick up on its subtlety. Not saying your dumb if you don’t like it, but I think it takes a certain person to pick up what he’s putting out
Pretentious and the third act was really really bad. No payoff. Also he has a major chip on his shoulder about race. Get out was a great movie though it had the same racist tones. Not so with US,,, the Acting was good. Writing and directing failed the whole second half. But the audience seemed to like it so this is the world we live in. So cheers 🥂. But I understand when reviewers are aspiring to be full time in the industry. Have to be careful. Don’t want to burn bridges with the Oscar winners.
Great acting,  boring movie
Unpopular opinion: Jordan peele’s get out and US are bang average nothing bad nothing special
Also, I don't think you guys know what plot holes are. There are unanswered questions sure, but nothing that contradicts the plot.
are you  damm serious ? A-  to this dumb movie ... one of the worst ending! sorry Chris but after this reveiw you lost to many points!
you didn't talk about Elisabeth Moss..
Utter garbage. We don’t care less about any of the characters or the pathetic dialogue or ludicrous train wreck storyline. 90 minutes of my life I’ll never get back ☠️
I can already hear the oscar committee "Us was so good.  Lupita Nyong'o was fantastic, world class performance, best I've seen all year!
I was really disappointed with this movie, if it’s a horror movie, make it scary! Don’t fill it with Jokes by trying to make it a comedy horror. That’s for a separate movie. And it has littrally no violence or gore!! It’s MA your allowed to put a bit of violence in!! I absolutely hated this movie, worst movie of 2018. And also it was too confusing to enjoy it. The whole time your trying tho think about what’s happening, rather just watching it
Why is everyone praising this movie? It kinda sucked. I give it a C+
I might be among the few that thinks this movie was horrible and that’s scary.
I'm a huge fan of horror and get out was great.
i honestly did not like this movie, very boring imo.
A-?! Are you insane? It's a better paced film but had terrible pacing and even had a point where the bad guy flatly explains to plot to the protagonist and the audience
I watched this movie yesterday. It sucked big time. I was duped again by this over hyped hipster nonsense.  At least four people in the audience walked out. Why do all horror films these days turn into comedies part way through. It's very annoying.
US is trash -- what exactly is good about it?  Nothing original or smart in the film.  Clearly critics are bought and say whatever they're told.  Stuckmann is just another shill, and reviews as he is told to.  At least Get Out had an original idea and some novelty value - certainly no where near as good as a Best Screenplay Academy Award winner should be, but whatever, Get Out was OK.  But US is literally nothing but a doppleganger family hunting down the other family, a very very simple slasher film - the end has one novel idea in showing how doppleganger people live underground and can puppet the people above.  That's all there was here.  If US is so brilliant tell me specifically what in the plot is so clever, list for me the great dialogue and all the "Hilarious" beats Stuckmann says are there without ever being specific.  They don't exist.  It's weak or you are blind.
DUde it wasn't that good
This movie is wayyy to overrated
A general critique of the horror genre centers on the overuse of tropes and the presence of plotholes. "Us" has both of those in spades. So I don't see how this film does the genre any favors. 
It sucked. I highly recommend skipping this.
movie is trash
I think that Get Out was a far better film, this was absolute crap. It was only slightly original and so very boring and tedious. There were a few good moments but this shows that modern horror is really in a bad way. I thought that Hereditary was superb and gives me a glimmer of hope but horror really needs a make-over and this surely isn't it. If you think that this was a good horror film, then that just shows how low the standards have dropped.
Watching the movie now ,,so far it sucks.
This movie absolutely sucked. Awful.
as much as the trailer scared me im to scared to watch this movie lol
Best movie I’ve seen this year
Chris Stuckmann, I really hope you become a director one day!!
What is killing me after watching Us is the question “what now?”
I’m going to watch it today I’m excited af
I just saw the movie and Chris, you need to a spoiler review
Chris,  I just gotta say you're hot AF 😍
Holy shit, I literally just sent a picture of that shirt to my friend saying I want that 👀 spooky haha. Sadly this time around I can’t agree with you on this flick, I wanted to love it but I just didn’t, didn’t find it scary at all and the ending felt super unsatisfying. I still did enjoy the rest quite a bit it just wasn’t what I wanted!
Just found your channel and really respect this review 😊 I also want to go see Us again (I also really enjoyed it) and take into consideration everything you discussed.
Yo Chris I love your energy I’m glad to see you more content love you man keep on doing what your doing
I know exactly what you’re talking about I’m glad they told us bc I already knew it from the beginning
0:24 that’s one of my favourite sketches from KP but the best is easily Black Republicans
The music from the opening credits reminded me of Akira
This might be the best movie I've ever seen. By the end my mind was completely blown. I cant wait to watch it again
The movie "Ma" looks interesting. Can't wait to see that movie.
One of the greatest film scores of all time
Are you seeing the early showing of Shazam? I'm doing a review of that.
Agree so much about Michael Abels amazing score. I'm in two minds over the film, lots of symbolism to solve
That shirt 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Yep, it's all about the horror. Also, dang! I thought I was the only guy who loved ambiguity!
You gave Us the same review as X-men Apocalypse. I feel like you've insulted Us
Please review, Thomas and the magic railroad!!
I watched this review before I went in, and while I agree it is an extremely well made film, it's kinda less thought provoking than Chris makes out. The ending is a little predictable.
I never expected to see Tim Heidecker in a movie like this..
I wanted to start making movies as well, and I know that you have said that you do movies and are working on deal, but could you do, or have you done a video on equipment that you have used to work on your movies?
Great review, I enjoyed the film. Peele is a genius.....I was asking the same questions about the enemy. I need to watch this again. The music score was a masterpiece
Hmm... now I've watched two reviews with one people loving the film and the other giving it a 4/10. I'll have to watch it myself.
I watched this movie when it came out on opening day and I regret it. I loved the film but everyone was laughing when they were not supposed to and I would much rather wait for the film to come out on digital purchase. Like it ruined many scenes when they were supposed to be intense
I loved it when the father smashes his twin on the boat with his baseball-bat. I swear, it felt like the movie-theatre was hit by an earthquake.
What's going on with Stuckmann? He hasn't uploaded much at all lately. 
This film was AMAZING! although I knew certain things were going to happen, it was still a great film 👏🏾👏🏾
I kinda felt like this was more of a thriller/suspense movie than a horror film. To me the story was the selling point. Or was it just me
This movie was awesome, especially the ending 😮
This movie was genius... I totally agree with the review of the video. Its like its not a  right or wrong answer how you interpret it. Its one of those movies that you have to see with a group of people or just  not by yourself bc its more of a discussion movie. I loved it!
Definitely agree with you on wishing some aspects were more ambiguous
Wonder if you’ll be doing a spoiler review!! I’d love that!
Likes ambiguity
I laughed so hard at this movie
Great review as always Chris, how about you take the directing reigns on a future Friday The 13th movie as your horror movie directional debut.
Could you review Dead Man Shoes (British film) please would like to know what you think of it
I love this guy's reviews. I agree with his comment on "Get Out," it was a stronger film, but I do also feel "Us" will improve with multiple viewings. I enjoyed it the first time, but I almost feel as though Peele was holding back.  I wish, unlike Hereditary, Suspiria, and the Witch, that he wouldn't have succumbed to traditional horror movie tropes.
I love horror film as well!
This movie had me at the edge of my seat! Most definitely a must see!
I saw this film today, and yes, it is so good and so chilling
Watch 'TUMBBAD', it's on Amazon Prime
just watched janhs spoiler review and can say that the movie's plot know i know what's it about sounds super dumb
Damn 1mil followers changes a man. Deeper voice, tattoos, cussing every 30 secs. Lol what happened to you man? Miss the old Stuck.
Are you going to do a review for the new pet sematary soon??
I’m sick of the MP Academy ignores the horror genre
I'm curious... Has Chris reviewed the remake for Suspiria? I'd figure he'd have reviewed by now. Seems right up his alley!
The first half is definitely really good, then the movie starts to become too long and with too many plot holes. Sometimes I got the feeling that the movie tried to keep up with the hype for it. Sometimes it worked, sometimes it did not
This one definitely needs a spoiler review.
but now I wanna know which scene you were talking about wanting to be more ambiguous because now I'm sitting here guessing haha
The fact that Chris claims to love horror movies so much and would give this movie anything above a C-, makes me very wary of the type of horror movies he will produce as a director.
Give us the Shazam review
BroOooooOooOoOoOoOo Jordan Peele's movies are good we need more horror movies like get out and US im a kid i watched Get Put already now i want to watch US
Your shirt 🙏🏾
Hi Chris! Kindly check The OA Season 01 at it's new released Season 2 on Netflix. Definitely worth watching!
5:36 Agreed!
I’m gonna say that it’s less horror more thriller
The last 2 minutes really ruined it for me, I would’ve given it the same grade otherwise, but then it got knocked down to a C
I agree with the part of ambiguity. The second that he included rules, motives, and telling you what happened rather than showing; it lost me.
8.5/10
i just watched the movie and oh my god!!!!!
Hey chris just saw unicorn store trailer.  Your the only reason I want to see that movie.
Can you please review Galveston and Can You Ever Forgive Me? Both were great films that seemed to be overlooked by a lot of people.
“US” is many things. Thought provoking, well acted, funny at times and more. The one major issue I have with this movie is that it’s a horror film that just wasn’t scary.
The amount of people analyzing Jordan Peele's amazing writing, craft, style and nail biting tension (also seen in the great movie "Get Out") I call Jordan Peele the true modern Alfred Hitchcock. There I said it! :)
Disappointing to hear that you appreciated the comedy... I found it very cheesy and absolutely took the air out of the suspense. Would have been more enjoyable as a straight thriller.
A master work!!! He is truly the new Hitchcock! More comedians need to make movies.
stuckmann is such a soyboy he never grew past it.
Just watched this movie, I'm going to have to disagree with Chris on this one. Too many plotholes, the pacing was bad the humour was no good and it left too many unanswered questions.
He’s the next Tarantino
cant wait for twilight zone
Honestly I wish I had heard some bad reviews before watching this film, because it was a huge let down for me. I felt there was so much wasted potential, so many aspects that could have been explored to add to the world building and made the film much more interesting. I left thinking about the dozens of plot holes, meanwhile unsatisfied with the few horror scenes that were barely effective. To me this movie was carried by the music score, some of the visuals and Lupita's fantastic performance, but it's not enough when the plot feels so unresolved.
Can anyone explain the “major issue” Chris address at 5:30? I saw the movie today and still don’t know what he’s talking about. 
Just saw it, its an amazing movie. A little more funny than i expected but that's not bad and everything else was just more than i expected.
Can you do a spoiler review please?
Good Video. Now Spoiler Review 👏🏾
The title is the least creative thing i have seen
Yawn.  Really hopeless review.
I saw it yesterday and I agree that it's awesome and if the sequence you're talking about with what I think it is, I think that giving it ambiguity would have been cool, but I personally like that they straight-up says it because of how it impacts the film. That's just me personally, though, and I do understand where you're coming from. And hopefully Lupita won't be snubbed this Oscars season!
I LOVE HORROR MOVIES
I went in thinking it was going to be a ghost story,  wrong!! I walked out thinking I'm glad I was wrong!! I will be watching it again and again!!
This would be a great movie to do a Spoiler Review for. There's a lot to unpack with this movie.
Lupita just kills it. She's giving us this year's Toni Collette in Hereditary level of performance.
throw it in the river
Review No Country for old men!
Please do a spoiler review or discussion!
Solid 8.5/10
Suspiria should get a review
I think this movie was about Border Control anyone else?
Things You Missed: Men who attend college at HOWARD are not physically tuff & can’t shoot a flare gun!🤦🏾‍♂️ lol
You should review Who killed captain Alex
I think the scene you wish was more ambiguous was a nod to Thriller. Hence why she's been wearing those contacts in interviews.
Here's something to think about jason is Pluto and here's why the scene when pluto is backin up into the fire notice how the mom was screaming no she knew that Pluto is actually jason Pluto switched out jason and was living as jason on the surface same thing that the mom did and explains why the mom (tethered) didn't kill jason when she kidnapped him and the reason why at the end when jason was looking at his mom is because he knew and it explains why the mom was freaking out when she thought jason was missing because she was worried about Jason being switched out
Us is more of a thriller movie  its just a home invasion theme with a twist, not really a horror movie
Went to see this film with a lot of excitement and came away very disappointed. If ever there was a trailer that is better than the film this is it.
The Rock vs The Rock
Watched is last night and it blew me away. It's definetly a story that I've never seen before. SO refreshing! There are a couple of plotline questions, but I'll wait for a spoilers review to ask those.
Nice review Chris.
This movie gave me serious “The Shining” vibes, every sequence left you on edge. I also gotta say the music they used was really good.
The music has been some of my favorite parts in his movies so far. Especially this one. It was a great movie!
I love your reviews-I always wait til after I’ve seen the movie to watch them so I don’t get influenced but also to see if I agree with you! Always so interesting to hear your perspective
3:54-4:28 agreed WHOLE HEARTEDLY
Idk chris, I think that the ending is actually ambiguous but I love this film, best horror score and film to date this year👏🏾❤🌹
I absolutely LOVED the conversation Us calls for. There are so many interpretations and meanings and hints and genius in general. Jordan Peele, you will always have a fan in me.
You really convinced me to watch this movie. I could really feel how much you appreciate this movie and it's aspects. NOISE review ;-)
I’m so excited to see it!
I can hardly wait for you to make a truly great horror film, Chris! I’m definitely going to see this film!
Did I miss the review of The Favourite?
I'm watching this video at 666k views
Better be getting a spoiler talk on this because I wanna know your thoughts on that one gripe you had.
The movie would of ended a lot sooner if the dad had a Gun!🤷🏾‍♂️
I always enjoy your reviews!
I just left the theater going again tomorrow.... I loved it!!!!  Thank you for this review.
I saw it on an add on my TV and I looked it up
Just saw this movie and my brain hurts it's so damn good
I don’t think this even really counts as a horror movie
I’m think this might deserve an explained or at least a spoiler review
Another day may you do a Review of farly's Beverly Hills Ninja movie.
I seen this movie it wasn’t bad
just saw it, goin to need a spoiler review
Have you seen The Dirt on Netflix? It was pretty awesome.
This movie...well it was funny, and had jump scares, good acting, music (claps), but uh...nothing really made sense.
Never heard of the Whore genre
Movies like these make me mad.
8.3/10 movie. Expert level of foreshadowing and symbolism that you dont see in 90% of movies these days especially "horror/thriller".
I heard there was a lot of badly timed comedy
I thought it was totally original
You spoiled the movie. Your massive obvious hint had me knowing how it would shake down less than 10 minutes in. I love your vids but this one   gets a thumbs down from me.
You will be disappointed.  I don't know what he was looking at. But what I saw was confusing and pointless
Chris, you should watch this Netflix original series called Travelers. I'm curious what u think about it. I personally love it, but I'm sad they discontinued it.
Saw it twice today will see it again
I am excited for his new Twilight Zone.
Chris, did I just see you in the trailer for Unicorn Store???, Brie Larson's new movie???
WATERR SANDYY, WATERR WOULD BEE NICEE 
Dope shirt Chris
Would you guys consider this type of movie, a cosmic horror?
Spoiler review please, Chris
Isn't he remaking Candyman?
we totally see eye to eye on this completely
Do a Spoiler Review
I saw the movie for free thanks to an early screening, and I thought it sucked. Don’t get me wrong, the trailer looked great, but the actual movie offers nothing you haven’t seen in the trailer. The acting was very wooden, and the movie was a repetitive drag. I felt the same about Get Out. It was so hyped that I was very excited to see it, only to feel like I saw a different version from everyone else.
My interpretation of the film  is that for starters "Us" = United States
Chris, please turn down your intro a little.
Hard pass on this movie and the other one.
You think you've reviewed every Star Wars movie but you haven't reviewed the phineas and ferb Star Wars crossover movie.
What is he on about when he says he wishes a part was more ambiguous? Which part? Someone spoiler for me
I want that shirt Chris
Wait, people actually liked this movie?
Shazam?
Where did you get the shirt?
Spoiler: 
I love Jordan peele. I thought key and peele was a very funny show and I love the movie get out. it surprised me and was scary and funny but had a twilight zone feel that hit the mark. So, I had high hopes for US. All of those high hopes came crashing down. Though the killing was cool and he played with genres well. the story was not cohesive at all and I cared about none of these people. none of them. because we didn't really see who they were and the twist ending although cool made no sense with the rest of the movie. So, sorry I disagree with you. US is not a good time for ANY OF US!
It had a lot of plot armor
More about the movie less about u
Just watched the movie after seeing your review and I must say it was completely over hyped.  This film was all over the place, it didn't know what sort of movie it wanted to be. Hardly any horror at all, was more of a thrown together comedy with added thriller scenes, people were laughing throughout the entire film.
I honestly thought the movie was OK. It just felt too pretentious. Kind of disappointed considering what it’s been hyped up to be.
A- thats a high rating
Am I the only one who thought that Jordan Peele basically made a 2 hours long movie based on The Simpsons's Episode Treehouse of Horror VII Bart's Evil Twin with "Us"?
Do you have any of your material self published?
Blah, too many plot holes.
If nothing else this film Definitely gets a nomination/award for Best Ensemble Cast.
If you like hereditary you’ll like this movie. I personally was let down by it. The entire movie plays as a mystery/horror/ comedy and your waiting for that explanation at the end to tie everything together but when you finally get there, it’s a big let down and your unable to piece the entire film as a whole. C-
Jordan peele should direct a sandman or the crow movie
Stop cussing. Kids might be watching your channel
Jordan Peal has said hes sticking to horror.
Us made $70+M & is the biggest opening weekend ever for an original horror.
I agree about needing to be more ambiguous but still a great movie. Jordan is great at casting the right actors for his movies. And yes Lupita was fucken awesome!
fFor the ppl who saw it wats the sequence he’s talking abt wit ambiguity??
Review Martyrs Chris Stuckman. Its the most disturbing horror film ever!
Why would somebody like brutal kills????!!!!!! Talk about a psychopath!!!!
This movie was goddamn weird as hell
Lupita Nyong’o deserves Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress for this movie. She’s mind-blowingly great!
My review, and note I usually don't like the horror genre. I consider this a Twilight Zone movie, and the Twilight Zone is kind of it's own genre created by Rod Sterling.
Don't worry Chris, the Oscars are now used as a platform for political agendas, not giving awards to the appropriate actor/actress.
Just saw the movie and honestly I loved it.
is the “good” family actually the bad family and the bad family is actually the good family?
Soo this is where nakia and m’baku went after black panther got dusted from the snap
Maybe the reason horror films (and actors/actresses in horror films) don’t get nominated is because all they’re doing is being creepy. There’s no substance. All they’re doing is slapping on a creepy smile, lunging at you, saying stuff in a creepy voice, etc.
Chriiiisss! Man, I'm usually right there with ya on your grades for movies, but I can't help but think u r giving this 1 more credit than it earned for some reason. I too thought Get Out was damn good, but US...not as much. At least Peele seems to understand how ridiculous the premise was and had some fun with it, but it was more of a surreal comedy taking it's self too seriously, rather than plausible horror movie having some fun with itself. I give it a C-. It was entertaining to watch, but the drive home was sufficient time to tear it apart and scoff at it. Maybe some day I'll watch it again, and maybe I'll feel differently then, but I'm certainly in no rush.
Nyong'o was good best thing in the movie and the boy but not a very good movie,  not boring just eh.
Horror, suspense, sci-fi and So Much More. A film like this is why moviemaking has the history and impact on Us all. Art tethered to entertainment.
Soooo gooooood!!!!!!!!!
My main problem was how short it felt, they escaped the house, went to another house, drove around, then the mom went into underground then the movie ends, It didn’t take enough time to build the tension. I feel if on the first night they saw the other family but nothing happened and then the second night they attacked
Just saw the movie and absolutely LOVED it!! ❤❤❤👍👌👏🙌
I may get slack for this but I much prefer the trailer then the movie...
Hmmmm??? Moist meter says otherwise....
Chris Fuckmann on trending gj
Chris: I want the movie to be more ambiguous. 
Just saw the film and enjoyed.  He is remaking  candy man.
Can we talk about the handcuff inconsistency?
This movie didn’t wow me. But then again I don’t understand the plot, underlying meaning, or ending so
It makes sense now why the little girl couldn’t speak and why they thought she had PTSD. She couldn’t speak at all because she never learned how to. She was learning how to speak.
How is everyone missing the connection between US and Get Out. Get Out’s opening scene the song that plays is, “run rabbit run” and the opening  scene in US is a rabbit in a cage. What is the rabbit’s importance
This was an -B movie. "Get out" was a better movie.
Maybe my strong dislike for this movie is because I'm an atheist who finds I have less patience with superstition and bs as I've gotten older.
Anyone watched the movie? Please explain, the shadow mom told a story about 1st born daughter and 2nd son, and how did son got face burn? Her voice was like batman voice so i didnt understand wut she said.
More scifi than horror.
Honestly, if Chris is talking about the ending, then I don't understand why he would want that to be ambigious. The film was constantly hinting towards it, so it makes sense to cap it off with a reveal. The reveal was strangely delivered and I am still divided on whether it worked effectively, but it totally changes the rest of the film and gives you a different outlook on the story.
When you see the opening your going to make a prediction and when the twist reveals itself at the end your going to say "CALLED IT!"😂😂😂
Please review "Eternal Sunshine of spotless mind" 
"Shes so damn good that the Oscars will ignore her" Lol. She did reaaaaaally good.
Glad this is so high on trending, you deserve it my dude 👌🙏
Just seen it great review. Love the twists and especially the ending.  I will see it again.
hey chris could you do triple threat i would love to know your thoughts on that movie
I just got out of the cinema watching it. It was ok, I still wouldn't class it as a horror film. The final reveal took any horror aspect away.
Quick fact: 
I’m excited to see this film even though I’ve already spoiled myself 😩😂
Good review!
Yo! The last act was Art!
Yo Chris! Have you reviewed he’s out there?
Awesome review Chris. I want to see it but took my wife took awhile to get the nerve up to watch Get Out so unfortunately I’ll have to wait until Redbox.  😭 Lupita was on Colbert recently and wearing these crazy contacts, she was having a blast with those freaking Stephen out so I can imagine how much fun she had filming Us. 
The movie does have many messages and meaning. I live in Santa Cruz and there's a specific message that was given in the movie and it was awesome. I really enjoyed this movie.
I wish I could watch this movie by myself...
I've been asking many friends to come see this with me! But every time I mention the name they're like what? I don't get why they've never heard of it! Well there about to tonight!
You gotta review summer of 84 , I wanna hear your review and what you think of that movie
When I was a child my parents thought I fell asleep on the couch. John Carpenter’s The Thing came on TV an no one noticed I was still awake.
Thanks ,i didn’t know that 1:57
Have you ever played Silent Hill 2, or listened to the soundtrack for it?
I need that shirt
How can he say the Academy ignores horror films when Get Out was nominated for Best Picture, as well as 3 other nominations and a win for Jordan Peele for Best Original Screenplay
Saw it last night. I loved this movie 🍿
This is a good review. Agreed.
No reviewer talked about Jeremiah 11:11
chris i've been watching your channel for a loooong time but this is the first time i have to question your integrity...this movie was a massive letdown. there are so many plotholes and so little tension. it's like you are so amazed by how well the movie is directed that you're willing to not care about the rest. definitely one of the worst horror movies i've seen...and i've seen zombi 3
Overrated trash and it puzzles me how it's getting good reviews everywhere.
He is talking about the dance/fight so he don’t know who left the sewers
Will you do a spoiler review?
I have no interest in seeing this film. I'd rather save my money to see a great film
Gonna see it later tonight I'm excited
Watched it just now, would give it 6 out of 10.
The score was absolutely beautiful
Goodluck to chris for the spoiler review💀💀 I dont think anyone can explain this movie with all the loopholes
I know I keep saying this but after seeing “hereditary” which I absolutely hated personally.
Duality theme, how we look at other people?, and is the enemy ourselves? I really think you have to reach to pull those themes out of this movie (especially the last two). I was entertained but not scared throughout a majority of the movie (and im easily scared), I found it funny and not for the right reasons. It was entertaining but IMO much worse than Get Out (both as a horror movie and film in general), Get Out made my hair stand up in a few of the scenes, I never felt that way in this movie and found some of the fight scenes (especially towards the end of the film) comical.
It's a dope azz movie gotta pay attention ending was twisted tho and sad at the same time also great to see a all 🍫🍫beautiful black family throughout a whole movie about fucking time thx J Pelle
5:23 Is Deckard a Replicant?
Dude the shirt is fire!!
Dude i saw this yesterday and i loved it so much
Spoilers review please!
Movie was So Good... The Theater I was at in the Hood was Dead silent and engaged the Entire Film✊🏾✊🏾 Now That's a Good movie Lol
thought US’ biggest fault was that it tried to be funnier than GET OUT and it didn’t always work
I cant wait til next week when we can discuss the movie without worrying about ruining spoilers.
Great performance by lupita
Ok I'm a movie fanatic but get out was an ok movie it would just different I don't know why I get so much hype overrated all the way sorry 🤔😆😆😆
Isnt it a bit too early to talk about Oscar when you have the rest of the year to look forward to ?  She does give the best performance TO DATE, but saying its going to be one come January, I can see the backlash now.
Where can I get that shirt bro?
I watched your review after seeing the film last night, because I didn't want to be spoiled or have expectations. Good job talking about it without giving it away! haha! What a movie. That score is amazing, and the acting is wild. I also feel like I need to watch it again.
❤️
Awful... left halfway
Great review, but I wasn’t a huge fan of Us. Just got back from the theater and am sadly disappointed with the film. Extremely well made, outstanding acting and music, but overall it was a big letdown.
The word "Thỏ" on daugter's green hoodie means Rabbit in Vietnamese, very cool easter egg but it's quite obvious for vietnamese people like me.
It’s a great movie
Us (2019) (Spoilers Ahead)
Is Us about racial issues? If it is I don't want to waste $ going to see it. You have given 0 important or specific plot information. Not helpful.
well if you like Jordan Peele's movies, he's working on the relaunch or reboot of the Twilight Zone which is looking pretty awesome
I understand your thought process on story ambiguity, Chris, but I feel Peele might have intentionally done this to separate it from Get Out. He had to make a video denying fan theories--and this is possibly a heuristic to guide the audience's hypothesizing. As always, great stuff.
I watched Us last night and just like Chris said I think it is a good idea to watch it again. Us got me invested in the story as I was looking for hints for a potential twist (which is there). Looking fwd to watch it again and making a video about it.
Peele should do Gargoyles staring Kieth Davidson as Galiath 
Like with candy man where you could say that she was schizophrenic and hallucinating everything
I Got✋on it
It was surprisingly good
When people labeled Get Out a horror I always look at them weird, this is definitely more horror than thriller, whereas Get Out was more thriller than horror.
It was alright
I think it still is ambiguous, I mean how do we know that that’s what REALLY happened?
Decent flick, but it felt a bit overstuffed and over long.
Don't forget he also loved Baba dook!   I didn't like the ending of "US" 😱
You broke the word horror.  You said it so much it doesn't sound like a real word now
I thought it was pretty average. I enjoyed it, but don't really consider it a memorable movie. If it wasn't directed by peele, it would have likely fallen into obscurity. 
#12 on TRENDING. Yes, Chris! This has to be worth the watch, then, eh? Hah.
Cannot wait for this film!!! Peele is a genius!!!
Oscars nominations mean nothing anymore. it´s just about promoting certain movies.
This was really good. He is hosting the new Twilight Zone and he wants to direct a Gargoyles movie for Disney. Give him the green light for this.
Stuckman easter egg-Get Out blue ray in the background on the Nintento👍
If this movie does high numbers by Monday the haters will come out crying "overrated." Movie was great and I enjoyed it, seeing it again this weekend.
i like horror too
Hey Chris great review man and I totally agree the horror genre needs Jordan Peele badly. I am actually an aspiring movie critic and currently I review films on Instagram so if anyone who sees this comment wouldn’t mind checking out my account and reading some reviews I’d really appreciate it. Account name: gsullenger_14
I thought the movie was garbage
I feel like it was a really good movie at the start but then it kinda falls apart and I personally feel ends up a bit shallow. Still 8/10 for me though but just like get out I feel like that kinda went too random when it could have been a bit deeper
It's not that good.
is this another low key race baiting one? i don’t like seeing a movie just to be belittled for my color in subtle ways for 2 hours
I have been wanting to see this movie ever since I watched Get Out! Such a unique script.
Youtube film critics with over a million subscribers have to remain politically correct, I get it. As for the movie - boring, non-scary, boring and overhyped.
I thought your shirt said Beyonce and was VERY confused until I realized I was wrong 😭🤷🏼‍♂️ ps your awesome and I appreciate you
Hey chris....big fan....just a suggestion....can u watch a movie named 'andhadhun' which is on Netflix.....its a classic in our world of films
The first half was entertaining but the climax was bad
Thank you for this non-creepy review! I love Jordan Peele but hate horror, so I "watched" your review by only listening to the audio haha~
i saw us it is not that good
I thought it was ok. It was basically the trailer.
Creativity by definition knows no boundaries.
Damn...I disagree with virtually all critics. I didn’t think it was that great. I thought the actors were all good but the plot wasn’t that great to me it felt really contrived. Like the family could’ve just easily killed them all right at the begging. Idk whatever
It was aight
5:03 "be better" 
He keep taking actors/actress from black panther for lead roles for his movies so expect more black Panthers for lead roles👍
This might be a dumb question, but have you seen An American Werewolf in London;would love to see you review it.
This movie was not good, this show was COMPLETELY overhyped!!
Already have my tickets, can't wait to see it!
I agree with you bro. Horror movies took a left sometime around Saw. Gore became horror to everybody and any psychological thriller with a decent pop scare became horror. Horror needs to be scary again, and a good horror film can spark that fire to spread across the genre. Even Peele working on the twilight zone is a breath of fresh air. Get Out wasn't scary, but it was a step in the right direction. Now Peele is trying to bring his art to the forefront of horror and make a great impact doing so.
I thoroughly enjoyed this film. But it's not a horror movie.... it's a sci fi thriller with some horror elements.
Great review, just saw the movie tonight. With that out of the way, I need to know where you got that shirt 🔥🔥🔥
You're my favorite film reviewer!
Chris, you're review has me so excited to go see this. I'm taking the whole family!
it remind me to the movie "The one I love" wich is not horor, but has a similar premise
"It's Us"
Chris, I have just one question. 
Us sounds "noice!"
Going to watch it tomorrow with my wife!
I know exactly what part you're talking about..when it happened I was like WELL DAMN *THROW HANDS* 🙄🙄🙄😂😂😂
Are there any spoilers in this review? I havent watched it yet. So im just waiting on an answer lol
Just watched the movie! AMAZING, I LOVED IT
Just saw the movie and came straight to Chris’ review. I loved the movie!
When will you post a pre-70's review?
I saw Us today, and I have to admit that it left me scratching my head at the end. But I understood it after thinking for a while. I think the metaphorical meaning is beautiful.
Really wanting to see this one, it look mind trippy.
Dig your reviews man👍 awesome shirt!!
The ending didn’t add up.
Bro!!!  You’re trending!!!
Easily a top 10 horror movie of the last couple years
Yay you made it to trending!
Jordan Peele has never failed us. Thank you Mad TV.
The twist was lame!
Gonna watch Get out today and
Jordan Peele is a new horrormaster. I love it and Stuckmann always the best reviewer, no bullshit just the facts.
Will you make a spoiler review
This movie literally sent a message and that message was “ GET OUT of the US “ literally. Pay attention to what they say.
@5:40 I know exactly what you're talking about Chris, and I agree. It was still good, but I knew what happened from the beginning.. I'm just going to say this: They should have focused on the toys going across the sandbox in the office... And maybe the last s** in the car.
Im not gonna watch it cos im not a fan of thinhs that make my imagination worse so.. hopefully ill get it explained to me sometime
what do you think about if if Jordan Peele remakes night of the living dead the original with Lupita I think that would be her second Oscar for sure and the first Oscar in a horror movie
Please do a spoiler review. I am too chicken to watch!
11:11
the Oscar's are a joke now, sorry to inform you chris haha
👏Movie👏Review👏
Nick Gurs loves it, though.
Just got out of the movie pretty ok, the plot was good, but I didn't like the comic relief, they kind of overdid it.
Toni might have been robbed of the nod but Olivia still deserved it, by a long shot.
HALF LIFE 3 CONFIRMED???!!
Just saw it and give it a 7.5 out of 10
The little girl hoodie has the word “thỏ” it means rabbit in Vietnamese
Wait what did he mean with the part that could’ve been more ambiguous?
He's Shyamalaning!!!!! Ruuuuuun!!!!!
Spoiler review please!!
Honestly unless you’re working on Hollywood and the big film industry, no one else really cares about the Oscars.
I loved this movie, great stuff.
please a24, lets get this man to direct a horror movie
I cannot wait to watch that movie!!
You own yourself and your audience to review "waltz with Bashir. The animated movie that should have won Best academy foreign language film of the year in 2009 (Lost against slumdog millionaire) and probably the best animated film of the decade. 96% in Rotten Tomatoes. It is the first animated "war" movie, the first animated documentary, the first animated film from Israel. It broke so many standards in story telling is unbelievable nobody has talked about it.  It is an unique film in so many ways its impossible not to be fascinated by its flaws and merits. Is a film impossible to forget for me. I have  never felt so stuck in my coach after a movie as with this one, overwhelmed by feelings.
Im just here to see if he showed the picture
Saw it tonight, it was meh...
First of all your red. I love hearing your opinions and views on horror movies. Just say something I would love to see anyting that you create. I don't necessarily have the stomach for horror movies that I did when I was younger but I love a good scary story and I love genre has graduated from thoughtless slashers and simple spooks
Is it as good as hereditary
Is that a star fox tattoo?
Chris has such a movie star face lol
I loved the movie but the end really confused tf outta me...
Have you ever watched "The Borderlands" a.k.a. "The Final Prayer"? Check it out. Great horrormovie.
Deff gonna have to do a spoiler review of this movie man.  I think there's a lot to unpack in this movie
It was okay. 6/10
Didn't mind the one unambiguous thing because everything else was so good! Can't wait until Peele starts confirming theories and revealing more layers and Easter eggs
Hey Chris. I know you probably don't take requests, but there's this Japanese film from last year called Shoplifters. It's a great film. but not too many people seem to be talking about it, and I'd like to hear your thoughts on it.
Them Or Us???
I'm a great fan of psychological horror.... but I'm equally terrified at night and vow never to watch the genre again.... next day I forget... same every day....
I feel like you guys who like Jordan peels movies to this extent are under a spell or something. Your like "shit doesn't stink and it tastes great you should also love it" no I see this movie for what it is just another movie
Ok...but this batman addidas shirt tho? Dets?
Unpopular opinion of the week
Are there any really bizarre body horror or torture type scenes?  The attic scene in Overlord had me leave the theater for 10 minutes but I usually dont mind general gore and blood.
We all are our biggest threat
I did not understand that ending at all
Chris I love you and your reviews but this time I just totally disagree with you. This movie is either a bad horror film or a decent dark-comedy. I just saw it tonight and could not have been more disappointed. That’s not to say there weren’t any creative choices that I enjoyed, but for the most part, the movie is just not good. I did not find myself scared at any moment and the movie is just littered with comedy. Not to mention, the comedy isn’t fluid or organic feeling like you said... it felt just as forced as any other horror film I’ve seen.
Can I find this movie online yet ?
Spoiler Warning: Oddly enough my idea of the film is that we should follow our dreams. Cause if we live in fear and don’t face our fears our self hatred will engulf us and take control of ourselves.
Do you say cusword
I HATE THIS FILM!!! I want to watch it in a cinema so badly, it’s literally my thrid most anticipated movie of the year, but it’s R-16 so I can’t watch it!!! NOOOOOOO
So you're saying Jordan Peele made this movie with, US, horror fans in mind?
So is Jordon Peele a horror director now?
Did this guy watch a serbian film already?? I dont think its horror but its so horrific
Yes glad you loved this I see it tonight so excited 😆 !!
The doppelgängers represent the bad things that you did in the past. A shaky past can come back to haunt you. Well, this is my theory.
Given how you love horror so much can you please review Suspiria?
Chris grew up with Us?
This is the first time in a very, very long time I’ve checked my watch in a movie... and especially within the first hour. The first act drew me in, and once the other family comes in and the moment the mother speaks I am out of it for good.
What does the scissors and the rabbits mean?.
I was so mad when Toni didn’t get that nom, I refused to watch.
Honestly, the movie wasn’t ‘scary’ per-se... When you think about it and dwell upon the movie and your perspective on it, that’s when it becomes scary. You formulate your own ideas and mood and that’s what makes drama and suspense in this movie.. I agree, there should have been more ambiguity at the end so that people can talk about it for years and years, but at the same time, i wanted an explaination on wth I was watching lol
Really liked the first half of the movie, but was disappointed in how it turned out. Spoilers ahead:
You like ambiguity, no really ? and the award for most ambiguous movie review ever goes to.......
Can we all just take a second and admire how beautiful Lupita Nyong’o is?
Please do a hilariocity review of Leaving Neverland!
It’s a very splendid movie 🍿 🎥
Hi! Lol. Love u. P.s please review more anime !
They guy from Get Out was nominated.
worst film of the year so far
Was a solid movie but I felt it fell apart towards the end and the twist sorta ruined it. Loved the idea though!
Perpetual evil. That’s what it’s about.
There were so many questions and problems with the route they took. They didn't explain things properly.
Too many plot holes.
I’m so excited, I’m seeing it Sunday and holy shit I’m so pumped to see it. Jordan Peele is so amazing at screenwriting and it’s just shocking. I’m so ready! I’ve been pumped to see it since the first trailer came out
To be honest Anyone else just didn’t like the movie ? Horror film ? How ?
This movie wasn't the best, had a lot of plot issues and logic issues, I was left extremely disappointed after the 2nd act.
NOICE
This is...Us
Chris: I'm so happy for this
U love Horror? “One cut of the Dead” is a must-see...
Omg Chris is on trending #17 in UK🎉❤️
i shall look forward to seeing it to when it opens here in London. The boy in it has good taste as hes wearing a classic Jaws t.shirt.
Really looking forward to this looks very interesting,great review peanut mnms here I come lol.
I was having a chat with my friends about game adaptations into film and who would direct it. I chose Dead Space with Jordan Peele directing. I am really impressed with his work so far.
I was having a chat with my friends about game adaptations into film and who would direct it. I chose Dead Space with Jordan Peele directing. I am really impressed with his work so far.
I wanna see that so bad tomorrow is when it comes out in Cali! Thank u for reviewing this handsome!😍
The Us sound track is the best one I heard in a while
Chris: I give this movie a *NOICE* 
I bought my tickets a week ago and I can not wait for tonight to see it!
Stuckmann on trending
So hype for this, got my tickets for Saturday night already!
Lets talk about how this was dropped during the first supermoon of 2019. The trailer dropped when the sun reaches its lowest point on the crux December 25, christmas. Then the movie drops the first day after the supermoon that signifies spring. The resurrection of the Sun (Son) is in spring to signify that summer is approaching. This is magic upon magic in the movie and outside of the movie, it can possibly be multidimensional magic from the symbolism, the movie itself and the significance of  being released in a certain season. 
Great non spoiler Review ❤❤❤
This made it onto trending in Australia 👌👌👌
I just finished watching this movie and it was pretty good.
You should do a Spoiler review on Us! I would love to hear your opinion on certain scenes in the movie!
I'm glad to see Chris on trending
I'm not a big horror fan, but I've been ready to see it since I saw the first trailer.
That was a good review
Oh shit! Trending at number 24 in Australia! Congrats Chris!!
EPIC FILM,  just Saw  it
Enjoyed the review, and will absolutely check the film out.   How about a "Top Ten Horror Movie Soundtrack List" ?
Love the Batman Beyond T-shirt.  Good taste.
Yeah I always say this can’t be the same goofy ass Jordan peele lol but it is it is 😭
Just here to give Chris a shoutout for making it on the trending page this week.
Winston Duke is a great Brighton Baron like Kristen Wiig!!!!
I can’t wait to see this film. I’m right there with you Chris on the soundtrack- just from the preview alone I love how they worked the beat from I got 5 on it (a song I grew up listening to) into this creepy background mix.
I only just watched Us I thought this was 1% better than our good boy Get Out!
can you do a review on Aterrados 2017 please ?
This is what happens after thanos snap! Also forcing to leave Wakanda!
Mr Stuckman is getting that trending !! Go Chris
Ambiguity makes so many things last for a very long time but it should’ve been a A plus start to finish because it’s sounds like it is through your whole video period. Good job
Can't wait to see this, great review, Chris. I'm kinda shocked that Chris saw this before Jeremy, usually Jeremy catches it a few hours before him. But man, I cannot wait to see this, it looks so good & so creepy! I wonder if Jordan Peele will get an Oscar for this screenplay, that would be awesome.
Who wants to come see it with me this weekend?!
I know what are you referring at the end... I also had problems with that. I suspected that almost from the very beginning, but the way movie and that character unfolds, doesn’t sustain that revelation. It felt forced to me.
Leaving Neverland?
Loving the Batman Beyond shirt.
#25 trending sweet
